I was eagerly waiting for this film and I was not disappointed.Baahubali is one of the most visually impressive films that have come from India. Everything about this film is good - Story, direction, beautiful cinematography, haunting score and amazing visuals (though they lack some details at some places).I didn't know who Rajamouli was, basically because I am from North India and I don't follow south Indian cinema. But I am sure he is someone you should know about. SS Rajamouli is amazing. He has made something that we can be proud of. I was sure that the VFX would be good however I had a doubt about the story. Rajamouli proved me wrong with this film. The story and the execution is really good. Story takes elements from Indian mythologies (specially from the life of Lord Krishna) . You can not expect more. He took a big risk and made it big. This is what we need, good quality cinema. Salman fans should learn something from it.All the actors are good and perform their part really well(except Tamanna. She tries too hard but fails miserably). In fact, Tamanna has been used as a plot device (A MacGuffin as Alfred Hitchcock used to call it). Prabhas is okay in the beginning but transforms into a behemoth during the second half. This guy is a natural. He doesn't act exceptionaly but his presence is enough to give you the feels.The background score needs special mention because it is amazing. It is different from anything you have ever heard in India. The score that plays during war is haunting. (Clearly inspired from the LotR)I would be lying if I didn't say that Rajamouli spent a lot of time watching The Lord of The Rings. Yes, some scenes will remind you of 300 and the Lord of The Rings but believe me it is completely different. He doesn't copy anything, he uses it as a source of inspiration. There is only one scene that I remember from LotR which has been used in Baahubali. But denying that he was influenced by Peter Jackson would be a big lie. Its a great thing that he was influenced by such a great film otherwise we wouldn't have Baahubali.The quality of graphics work is very good. In fact its insane for such a cheap price given that Hollywood uses big budget for the same. The battle sequence is SPECTACULAR and reminded me of Battle of Helm's Deep and Pelennor fields from LotR.But the movie is not without some minor problems. There are unnecessary songs which ruin the experience (I laughed so hard when Prabhas started dancing randomly. Everyone was looking at me.) and some parts are dragged (specially the first half) . Also there are continuity problems and some actors are over-the-top. Cut down the songs and edit the movie and voilà we will have a SPECTACULAR film.Baahubali is not the answer to 300, Gladiator or The Lord of The Rings because saying so would be foolish. Don't compare this movie to the Hollywood ones because we still have a long way to go. It's not the Indian 300, its Indian "Baahubali".So in the end, I would like to say - Go and watch it instead of watching the crap that Bollywood has been producing lately. Its something to be proud of. Book your tickets and watch this Indian grand spectacle. You wont regret it. P.S: I want to see Rajamouli doing "Mahabharata" next.
335 out of 404 

I'm a big fan of Rajamouli, but this is not a biased review. The rating I gave is not just for Rajamouli but the entire unit of Baahubali. Right from the story which reminded me of all the beautiful Indian stories that were part of my childhood,(I'm getting back to reading Amar Chitra Katha now!!!) to every guy who says "Baahubali" in the movie. There were several scenes that gave me goosebumps, not scary ones but like those that put you in awe.It should just get better from here for Indian Cinema. This should be the benchmark for story telling, direction, script, visuals, sets, screenplay etc.(but not for acting!!!)The story keeps you hooked to the movie. I wouldn't say too many good things about the movie as they may contain spoilers. But I could compare the movie to a good mythological comic that you would like to read again and again.(So I'm watching the movie again tomorrow!!!)But I would like to mention why I reduced the two stars 1. The make up was not at all good. Especially Anushka's2. The costumes could be better, probably more realistic(if you compare costumes in Troy or even Hercules, they were more relevant)3. At times people in the background were not true to the scene, my concentration was distracted due to some idiots who didn't match the scene. A few villagers, few priests, few classical dancers, few tribal guys. The Kalakeya warriors were amazing though.4. WHO THE HELL CHOSE TO PUT AN ITEM SONG. There were many uufffs in the theatre at that time. How the hell did probably an eastern European end up in that.5. There were a few glitches in the VFX, like whenever the hero is jumping around... it made it look unnatural. That's poor graphics. I'm not an expert on this but few of those jumping sequences could be avoided. You don't see them in Hollywood mythological except for superhero movies which are more convincing.But not too many complaints about that as I understand there are certain budget constraints for VFX but Makeup, there is no excuse for that.All said and done, it was a fantastic movie and worth the wait and ends with a nice climax which keeps you guessing the 2nd half story.My favourite characters were Sivagami and Kattappa. I am in love with Ramya Krishna again. I'm watching it again tomorrow.
215 out of 275 

If a person is bit of into movies, I am sure that person heard about Baahubali couple of years back. It took almost four years to complete the first part. Hero Prabhas had completely dedicated his time to this movie and no movie after his super successful movie Mirchi. Same is true from S.S Rajamouly, after his last non-conventional movie Eega. So obviously there are high expectations.I was eagerly waiting for this movie and within no time I booked the tickets and went with my family. The results are out now, history books are being rewritten. An excellent movie, every frame is a mega scale. I couldn't remember a single scene which I felt bored. This movie will redefine Indian movie standards. Nothing less than The Lord of the Rings or in fact, can easily compete with any Hollywood movie.Each and every character superbly framed. Every actor has done a decent job and Prabhas and Raana are over the sky, earned more than 100% credit. Can't wait for part 2.Overall It's a superb visual treat.
238 out of 308 

3 years of sheer hard-work of many people who have worked their hearts out for this Visual Wonder has paid off well? Not exactly though, since the answer is simple and straight, you just have to wait for the 'Conclusion' till 2016 and that would decide the fate of this franchise on a whole. The story is paced slowly in the first half giving way and screen space to our Mother Nature's beauty and CGI's magic and one might find it a little too draggy if one considers 'Baahubali' to solely be a hero and since that's not possible, Shivudu has a love life and heroic nature and scenes of his own.Abrupt cuts and unconvincing CGI at certain places in first half are the only flaws with the whole film. Coming to the second half, one is told what he'd expect to be told, as the trailer tells the same. War sequences are really well shot and makes it hard to believe that they were actually made by Indians! One has to just bow down to Srinivas Mohan and his team for excellent CGI and Senthil Kumar for superb visuals. Our captain gives us a bang, as his trademark style known as 'Interval Bang' only at the end this time because technically this movies' end is the interval for the 2 parts taken as a whole. Art work in this Epic is just out of the world, kudos to Sabu Cyril sir and thousands of technicians who worked on this aspect.BGM is soothing for the first half which is apt for what we get on screen and the second half war episodes get the best of the lot BGMs to elevate the scenes. Songs are places really well except for 'Manohari' song.Dolby Atmos effect is an added attraction and I highly recommend people to watch this flick in theatres with this specific sound system, it will surely remain as a great experience for you. The sound effects are haunting, pleasing and give you goosebumps at the same time. Anushka had an extended cameo but did perform commendably well, special applause to her expressions. Special mention to Ramya Krishna madame, she was at her best! Katappa will blow your mind with his characteristics and Sathya Raj Sir does 100% justice to it. Though Prabhas and Rana Daggubati did well only their attitude in their respective roles stands out as the best because more of them is yet to come in the sequel. All you need to do is to watch the movie as it comes because expectations lead to disappointment. If you miss this movie, you've just lost a once in life-time 'Indian' movie experience on a big screen.
121 out of 178 

I would simply say.. Get away from anyone giving review. Go and watch this movie. You will be surprised by it. Not everyday are we going to get movies like this. Don't keep high expectations about the movie, unless you have seen previous Rajamouli films ;) (like Magadheera, Eega). I would definitely say watch on bigger screens like imax or xd. Background score is simply awesome and as usual rajamouli makes best use of the music for his sets.Visuals are good. All characters did their part. Cannot name anyone particularly. I liked the main character most. I will be watching the movie at least two more times :). Hope y'all njoy it.
114 out of 175 

I have to say one thing before I say anything about this movie. This is my first review in IMDb. I have created the account today to rate this movie so that I can say to the world that this is our Indian - Hollywood movie. Baahubali is an Indian movie but the standards are equal to Hollywood. I am really surprised by watching Baahubali. I am not rating this movie according to visual effects, actors, music nor even story. I am rating this movie by considering all the things. I am eagerly waiting for the second part now.Please do not add this movie into South Indian movie list. It is an Indian movie that stands on the top of the list. According to the story line everybody did their job well. I have to appreciate Rajamouli for his daring and dashing guts for doing a project like this one. He has set a new trend by directing this movie.
161 out of 253 

The SS Rajamouli's Bãhubali (The Beginning) INDIA'S BIGGEST MOTION PICTURE' got it's release in cinemas today. It is already released overseas on 9th of July and is even praised by the public. Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty and Tamanna Bhatia the shining stars of Tamil & Telgu movies are the lead casts of this release. Ace director SS Rajamouli is getting appraisals for his mesmerizing envision & the execution which he has tried to bring to his audience! MM keervani's music, KK Senthil's camera handling, editing innovation by Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao. Rama Rajamouli's costumes added the VFX by V Srinivas Mohan has dragged every inch of attention of the viewers. It is surely going to be jaw- dropping for the ones who haven't caught the sight of the so called Baahubali yet.The story is based on Prabhas as Shivudu raised on tribal standards who fell by fate for Tamanna as Avanthika in the movie. Shivudu (Prabhas) is born with some skeptical & amaze worthy skills since his birth & joins hand with Avanthika's (Tamanna) tribe to deliver help to Anushka Shetty as Devasena in the movie in order to remove shelter from a crisis. It is when Shivudu enters the grand Mahishmati kingdom he realises about his past & the tale takes many surprising twists & turns. The movie is said to be a M-A-S-T-E-R-P- I-E-C-E filled with the epic- marvellous graphics. First half is mainly loved for #tamannaspeaks & the enigmetic beauty she has displayed over screen.The war scenes just leave you stunned & will make you wonder that you're witnessing Hollywood theatre in your own language! This shows that Indian cinematography has come out of its leap and it setting benchmark worldwide! Some called it rave but most of them who have watched it are calling it awe-inspiring & fancier than their imaginative thought. Those who haven't watched it yet must go and encounter this top notch & avail the ENTERTAINMENT from this applaudable flick.
96 out of 147 

Great cinematography with concept and story in it . Nice directorial work by S. S. Rajamouli and the budget reflects in a heavy content of the film . I thoroughly enjoyed the paid preview . Its a first real tribute from film industry to the greatest epics of all time "The Mahabharata" .Luring action sequence and VFX and one of the nicest delivered again from south .Making bollywood look bad again in India , its absolutely not catching up with the southern films .I am a north Indian and not a great fan of south but they really making bollywood run for its money spree .First I then Kanchana 2 and now the mighty Bahubali .Story - 9/10 Acting - 8/10 Visuals - 10/10Overall 9/10
125 out of 195 

Just watched it and feeling spectacular, really the entire team worked very hard and result is visible in the movie. S.S.Rajamouli congrats to you and your team. There are some minor VFX error like jumping over the buildings etc., which appeared unnatural i hope they are rectified in part-2. I heard someone saying about item song, but it seemed to me like part of plan by the hero and it is apt .Anushka makeup should have been better, Prabhas and Rana have done justice with their body and action.Not to be forget Ramya Krishna is terrific in her role as Satya Raj in his.The background score is terrific.Resemble 300 and Lord of the rings series, i would say this type of story line will definitely have similarity and which ever comes first will be praised. there are many goose-bumping moments. i enjoyed it through out the time.
92 out of 141 

Floored by the technical excellence and Visual effects. Standing ovation to the creator Rajamouli. Must watch movie and the best Indian movie till date. RamyaKrishna, Sathyaraj, Prabhas and Rana at their best. Eagerly waiting for Part 2. Background score is a plus for the movie. Art department, Cinematography, Stunts are the best technical departments to this film besides Visual Effects. In par with Hollywood style of making with no compromise on the quality. Costliest movie ever made in India. War Sequence, Idol erection are the best scenes to ever watch. Visuals of Waterfall, Kingdom are some of the magnificent brilliance to experience. Perfect movie to experience in Dolby ATMOS sound.
85 out of 141 

I've seen most of the Bollywood movies and have also watched Tamil movies that have been dubbed in Hindi. But not anyone of them even comes near to this movie in terms of the visual effects. This movie has set a benchmark for many or the Indian directors who make movies with high budgets like the RAONE and Dhoom 3. I've never seen such an awesome war scene ever in any of the Hollywood movies even. That scene is a treat for our eyes and our mind.Bahubali:the beginning is truly the beginning of new and the real Indian cinema as a lot of such movies are on their way. I am eagerly waiting for Bahubali: the conclusion and I am sure that it will break many records of the Hollywood.
24 out of 37 

I watched this movie way after the release date. After hearing my friends discuss this movie in front of me, i thought it could be finally a better Telugu movie. But alas, my wish never came true. This movie sucks for those who enjoy something logical or at least true to itself. the heroine Tamannah is literally the worst actor of this movie. I was not at all in phase with this movie and i laughed a lot while watching various scenes which were intended to be dead serious. And i should say that conventional Telugu movie watchers will like this movie a lot. Just not the ones who have already watched a lot of English movies.
25 out of 39 

Why is the rating for this movie 8.6.I really do not understand.I know Indians are patriotic and all, but there is a difference between patriotism and delusion.This movie seemed more like a parody than an actual movie. Many of the scenes were absolutely laughable. Like seriously. Absolutely cringeworthy. Some of the things in the movie makes no sense whatsoever. The guy has superhuman capabilities. The heroine in this movie has nothing to offer except bad acting and good looks.If you are reading this review do yourself and humanity a favour by giving this horrid movie a rating of 1.
30 out of 48 

To be portrayed as the biggest Indian spectacle till date is a heavy accolade to hold, let alone achieve. And baahubali is definitely not up to the mark.Let's look at the movie objectively:1) Starting with the most talked about aspect of the movie VFX/CGI. The CGI is so over the top that it felt like a badly edited video game at times. For instance, the scene in which Baahubali is running away from the guards in the fort.Loud and showy landscapes can not be termed as spectacular CGI. It should merge seamlessly with the movie and CGI stands out like a sore thumb in this one.2)Acting: Its loud and crass to say the least. The reactions of all characters after every dialogue reminds a bit of the daily soaps.3)StoryLine: Its old and repetitive from a 1000 other movies of the same genre. A messiah who comes to save the day. Yes, that's never been done before in Indian cinema.However, despite all the above points Baahubali puts in a valiant effort. But to compare it to the likes of Lord of the Rings and Hobbit with the sheer depth of Tolkien's work is sacrilege. No where near that league.Only recommended for the faithful.Rating: 2/5
18 out of 27 

Sometimes a movie comes along that causes a revolution in film history. A movie that people aspire to copy from and is talked about for the better half of a century. A movie which gets embedded in cultural history, and influences a whole generation. It stands as a symbol of pure art and culture, portraying the beauty, that is cinema.This is not that movie. This is an ego-trip, following the need to present a spectacle to a spectacle-hungry audience which has never needed anything philosophical or intellectual. For such an audience, a simplistic plot and beautiful visuals are needed, which this film caters to. But beyond that, we cannot be persuaded to find any relevance of such an endeavor. The ideas and people get lost behind the purported veil of glamor and show. This leads to a disconnect from the characters themselves and we are left with a pot boiler which fizzles out before it even heats up. It'll leave you wanting, nay, craving to know the end and you will shell out even more of your money to follow it through. *sigh* The times we live in.
17 out of 26 

I usually never rate movies but this movie is made for "intellectually challenged". I wish Bollywood or Tamil/Telegu version of Bollywood would get over it. Beautiful scenery but overdose kills the charm. This is more a movie for my 10 year old (provided he understood Hindi as well). I watch movies ONLY after reading reviews and checking rating on IMDb but i was terribly dis-appointed with this one. Its all about MALE POWER and FEMALE BEAUTY. Winning on sheer power - no strategy, or brains needed. This is more suitable for children who like to watch optimus prime (transformers). At least when i watch those, i know what i am getting into. It is an insult to movies like NH10, which typically have lower rating on IMDb. NH10 depicts 2 different Indias, which is sad.
23 out of 37 

I was fascinated by the rave reviews for the two Baahubali movies so I decided to give them both a try. (Any movie scoring 8 or above on IMDb has a solid chance of being a winner.)What I have learned is that IMDb scoring is subject to the social media phenomenon of being skewed by an ardent fan base. In the case of Baahubali, the movie has been a huge hit in an isolated market, continental India. A billion Indians can't be wrong, but they sure can skew an IMDb rating when they vote as a bloc.While Baahubali is astounding audiences in its native homeland (there are some great articles about the movie's importance to the industry and to the North and South regions of the country), American audiences with their highly sophisticated expectations will most likely agree with me that the overall result is an immature, incredibly predictable, poorly executed, soap opera that does not merit its hype or its two-part 5 and half hour running time.MY OBSERVATIONS: Baahubali's story is intriguing as it presents to us a legendary super hero who appears to come from a rich and ancient history/lore. The source material is every bit as promising as heroes from Western culture (Samson, Superman, Hercules, etc.). However, the execution of the story turns great drama (love, family, betrayal, support from the gods, fall from grace) into a soap opera complete with cheesy reaction shots accompanied by shock music more appropriate for 1970s TV sitcoms with their spit takes and laugh tracks.The highly applauded visual effects are mediocre by American standards. Other reviewers have detailed these issues adequately so I will only add my support to their criticisms.The acting is hit or miss. Some scenes come across powerfully (love scenes, for example) while others (like those in the royal court) remind us of American TV sitcoms from the 1970s.BOTTOM LINE: If you are calibrated to fine cinema, are looking for a good epic, and are considering Baahubali, then do some research and enter into the viewing prepared to walk away. I, for one, wish I could get my 5 and half hours back.
13 out of 19 

Fight scenes copied from Hercules. The main gist of the film copied from Game of Thrones. I'm still trying to understand as to why a "copy" would cost so much. Some scenes are commendable, like the cliff hanging scene from MI-2, or the baby holding scene over water (most probably from Apocalypto). Nevertheless, the first half of the movie is utter crap and boring. The story does not really make sense as this guy wants to climb that waterfall mountain and thats it. But, hang on, there's actually a kingdom up there and people are being tortured as well (some work for the hero, after all)...!!!!!!!!!!! The best part of this film is, it lets you watch many movies/series without having to watch them all. Just watch this one and you're done. Still reeling because of the amount of $$$ spent for this. Definitely 1/10.
36 out of 65 

I won't go into the technical details but try a bit to express how I'm feeling after watching this movie thrice in four days. Well, firstly, I'm feeling broke. Apart from that, the excitement and the built up to the entrance of the auditorium in that multiplex, is just like one feels with first love. Baahubali has made me gone mad. I'm continuously listening to its music, the background score doesn't seem to get out of my head, and even for the third time in the cinema hall, a few of the scenes give me goosebumps.Yeah, yeah, you all would say I'm jumping quite high. I just need to settle down, and everything. But boy, oh boy, I'm in love again. And this time with a movie, which is weird... but hell!
11 out of 18 

Many experts are terming it as India's answer to Hollywood's 300. I believe it would be unfair to say that, both for Baahubali as well as 300. No doubt Baahubali has scaled up the expectations for upcoming flicks, but Indian Cinema is yet to reach Hollywood's level in action genre. By no way am I undermining the action sequences portrayed in the movie. That is great when compared to Indian movies but slightly behind Top notch Hollywood moviesHowever what was best in the movie was Cinematography combined with the script. Even though fictional, the movie depicts a powerful picture of Ancient India and some of the scenes are nothing less than heavenly and some of the scenes (which are already revealed in the official trailers and posters, like Baahubali aka Prabhas mounting a 100 kg Shivling on his shoulders, a hand protecting a baby from the ferocious river and many more like these) give you nothing less than goosebumps.The romantic angle might have been slightly overplayed. Also typically South Indian movies project the heroes as nothing less than a superman which seems quite unrealistic. However in this movie, it seems more realistic given the genre. Many ancient Indian kings have been known to take on herd of bull elephants, lions bare handed. So the Extreme macho persona represented by both the protagonist and the antagonist is completely justified.In short, if you crib about Indian movies not being up to the mark, do watch this as the movie has raised the bar and if you love Indian movies, every reason to see this one.Awaiting the Concluding part which is due in 2016
10 out of 18 

This is mostly for those who are not used to watch movies like Harry Potter, The Lord of The Rings, Terminator etc. These type of movies needs to be watched for visual effects and photography. As a kid I remember the mythological stories, movies of kings and great devotees. This generation is missing such movies and this is a good beginning for such movies.Any one going to this movie expecting a story and emotions like other Rajamouli movies like Magadheera, Chatrapti will get disappointed.I am happy to watch this and will continue to watch these type of movies, which enable me to see the wildest dreams live in front of my eyes wide awake.
20 out of 42 

After waiting for more than two years taught it will give a more exiting one than Magahadeera.But this totally Killed the Hype they have created saying its the Highest budget Movie in India. Why is that everyone is comparing this to 300, life of Pi and Avatar and even boasting to Give Oscar. I am neither telling this movie sucks. But there is nothing new in the movie. All the character are except Ramya Krishnan Look Lifeless. The fight, The climbing all the scene so childish and more worst is the fight scene. The hero kills so many people but not even a stain of blood on his Hand . Come on guys at-least little practical in this is also not there. They have showed liked they are gods and indestructible.It was such a waste to watch a Movie for 3 hrs and then come to know that this is no better than what they hype in Media and News. I was thrilled to know that we are in a way competing with Hollywood by this movie. But surely we are very far behind the same.Please work on the graphic part , the visualization and something realistic more than hero jumping buildings without breaking a leg. And Tammanna is worthless with that Make up and acting.
20 out of 48 

Those missing points are::::::with out good story lineto much hype to heroto much hype created for this movienothing else to watch 2nd partthis movie contain with lot of English movies sceneswonderful bull fight for rana bull was amazing and rana hit the bull those scenes are really amazing and wonderfulhero and heroin are very very very very good fighting skills because those skills are learn in different countries like Vietnam ....... bullshitfinally best in movie is visuals visuals and visuals nothing is there in movie baahubali.........do not compare this movie with Hollywood movies. if somebody compare this movie with some Hollywood movies like TROY,LOTR(lord of the rings) and GOT(game of thrones) that's really funny
21 out of 51 

The movie is a waste of time.NO STORY LINE, NO CHARACTER Definition.It is a waste of time seriously and guess what the first half of the movie is BOOOOORINGDo not go. They have wasted a lot of money on this i wonder why is no one talking about the story as it is unrealistic and bad.i would not even give 1 star to this.The sad part is people have used such high CGI .Total waste of time.They should have hired a better script writer much better script writer.Seriously. BAD and BAD MOVIE
21 out of 52 

Movie is just awful.CG effects are very bad. Screenplay is just crap.routine and bad songs make us feel bore. only good thing about the movie is artists performance. Hype,over publicity and vagarious promotion resulted in good opening. The Ending of the movie is terrible. Abrupt ending of the movie leave us unsatisfied. Many scenes are copied from Hollywood movies. Director Rajamouli is good copier.people who do not watch Hollywood will like this movie.If you are regular to Hollywood movies and love to watch different movies,Don't waste your time.skip it.If you love regular commercial movies,watch it.
22 out of 55 

250 crore budget.500 days of production.2000 junior artists for the war sequence,800 technicians. Bahubali-The beginning considered to be India's biggest motion picture till date, helmed by the maverick director S.S.Rajamouli clearly has colossal stakes riding on it.Will prove to be India's best or just turn out to be another big-budget dud?.Lets find out.Story. Penned by KV Vijayendra Prasad,the plot has refreshing novelty that is not inspired by any mythological tale.The pace by which the story progresses is fantastic,neither it is too stretched nor it just races ahead.There is an interesting build-up to the climax.The sequence of unfolding of events leaves you at the edge of your seats and kudos should be given to the writer for a screenplay that keeps you hooked up all the time. The only flaw in the otherwise brilliant script is that the romantic angle between Sivudu and Avantika seemed half-baked.Direction and Production. S.S.Rajamouli is at his best,the way he has handled the film is commendable.The effort put in by him and his team shows clearly in every frame of the film.The detailing of each aspect of the film,be it the costumes,weaponry,sets especially the grandeur of Mahamishti Kingdom make this film a visual spectacle.The VFX is outstanding,never seen before in Indian Cinema and it wont be wrong to say that they match up to Hollywood standards.Two scenes that that will simply take your breath away are;the waterfall climbing and the war sequences.I can vouch that these are the most well crafted scenes in Indian Cinema.Acting. Prabhas plays the double role of Sivudu/Baahubali. He has pulled off both the roles with great ease.This is the best performance of his career till date. Rana Daggubatti is menacing as the villain Bhallala Dev. Ramya is brilliant. Sudeep has a small role but he plays his part with perfection. The rest of the cast overacts which is a big letdown.Music The background is the best one which i have ever heard. M.M.Kreem's soundtrack is a brilliant.All the songs compliment the story and are well written.Verdict. I go 9/10 for this marvel.The film is way ahead from the ones made in bollywood and will surely bring Indian Cinema into the big league.
8 out of 16 

yes, this film does worth for 10 stars. there are many artist we should praised for working on this film. SS rajamouli had done an excellent work in presenting the visual wonders on the screen.he is well known for the emotional scenes in his films and the same is nicely executed in this film.the visual effects in the film are highly phenomenal. we should thank the producers for giving out such magnum opus from tollywood industry. the art work done by sabu cyril is nice. the cinimatagraphy is nice. yeah, and the background score and the songs in the film are awesome and you wont feel bored throughout the film. final verdict:- if you want to spend your 3hrs of quality time, i would suggest you to watch this film.
8 out of 16 

I have never wrote a review on IMDb, which I am sorry about now, because, I usually go out for movies, after checking the IMDb ratings only, with Baahubali read the mixed reviews, was confused, but took a shot and it was totally worth it. Amazing piece of work!! Good work by all. I have watched the movie twice in theaters, and I am ready to watch it 3rd time too.... Loved it, background score makes the movie more beautiful, the music keeps reverberating even later in the heads.. There are few shortcomings like the romantic song, snow ski etc, but can be ignored.Must watch.
8 out of 16 

I watched Bahubali.This movie is Nothing Just hyped by peoples that there are amazing effects good but in reality the effects are amateur one is the bull fight shown in the movie the bull looking totally unrealistic The CGI is very poor. I don't know why people so crazy about this movie there is nothing special. Basic story line is poor special effects and poor Epic battle in the end. The maker of this movie must see some Hollywood Epic battle movie like Lord of the rings, troy, Hobbit series How they people create lighting, Environment 3d effects. I don't know why India cant make such special effects like Hollywood.I Totally disappointed.
11 out of 24 

I watched this movie after a week after the movie released and surprisingly the theatre was housefull.After the first half i think that,Why is such a elobaration needed about hero and his past.Bloody Romantic songs.Only the war scenes wer good.That's it.Everything is a copy from Hollywood war scenes.War scenes were quite copy of Dwayne Johnson's HERCULES movie.And Please don't waste a hero's career for your stupid attempt RAJAMOULI.MAgadheera is the best among Rajamouli's movies.There is no way a tollywood movie can be hailed till Hollywood/bollywood because of our Copy/paste type of Directors.I am extremely disappointed and suffered with Headache for 2 hours because of BAhubali.Its a worst movie!!
17 out of 41 

This is a very bad one, by a director who I liked till this one.This is like a small child trying to tell a complex story. But he do not understand how things work. You just have believe every thing the child says.There is no flow , It just jumps from one situation to another.And in the battle scene , This is a huge field . Bahubali and Bhallala will be fighting in the battle and there mother who is far away from them will be watching as if there are fighting in front of her .This logic is through out the movie.One can not help but notice bad graphics through out the movie like the video games came out in 2005 It is shocking considering how munch was spent for the movie.
12 out of 27 

I read so much about the movie and thought this is pure exaggeration and all marketing ploys and the movie will end up as a pot boiler after all is said and done. A lot was said and done and I came out in appreciation of what SS Rajamouli and his team did. They created drama, visual spectacle, fantasy laced with romance, crazy inspiring slogans around an imaginary kingdom with haunting background music. I somehow suspended logic and got lost in the imaginary world that unveiled in front of me. Audience around me seemed equally spell bound. The cliffhanger finish was a terrible pause, until I realized it was the end and I really had to wait another full year to see what happens next. You can claim the movie was inspired or copied from various sources but it really isn't. Its a director's life time experience rolled into a fantasy that might borrow all kind of ideas that he would have experienced through his life but definitely not created as a deliberate copy. So suspend judgment and have a blast with Baahubali!PS: So many have written about the story and characters, so I decided the readers could be spared of my summary.
7 out of 14 

The movie starts with a waterfall scene...or a lot of VFX rather i would say. A kid tries to climb a mountain...but why? OK may be he feels there is something in there...whatever!!! The climb he is not able to make from last 20-30 years, suddenly he does by imagining a girl...WoW...Then he makes it on the mountain by jumping on the branch of a tree(R U serious!!!). Now the girl comes into a reality...Dear Tamanna, butterfly looks beautiful in rose garden only. That look and aggression was not at all looking good on her face... Then a song starts with a lot of nonsense, that i don't need to tell. starting 1 hr of the movie is unbearable. After that the movie is OK. Story is average. Fighting sequences are good, but every now and then there is a south Indian touch. Though i liked the twist at the end, it would be interesting to see how the second part of the movie will end up. I am giving it 5/10 just for the efforts taken by the director and the whole cast n crew.
5 out of 9 

I read a lot of these comments on here and comparing this to Hollywood and movies such as Lord Of The Rings.Here is the thing with Rajamouli. He made all the classics, every single movie of his is considered as one. They are considered classics due to the emotional connection we feel with his characters. In Bahubali, the characters were set up extremely poorly. I questioned Shivudu's character. I could care less about him and his love story. It was set up extremely poorly as were many of the characters.Mid way of the first half, I felt the movie to be extremely bored. I watched every Rajamouli movie in theaters on the first day and watched all of his films at least 10 times. This movie, I will not! First half of the movie was not pleasing. Due to the heavy content of the movie, character development was compromised and that is a huge part of what makes a movie successful.The second half of the movie was mostly a huge war. It was really great to see that effort and it was through all Rajamouli's imagination, which is laudable! The pace of the entire movie is very slow, which makes me question if both part 1 and part 2 can be done in one movie! The whole movie can be said in one hour!For Bahubali fans out there, please stop comparing this to Hollywood! While Rajamouli and the producing teams should be applauded for their efforts, this is not a Rajamouli stamped movie! I would rather the film have OK graphics and an actual story line with emotions than see this! Much like most Indian films with big stars or big budgets, it is initially played on hype. Everyone should go watch this movie for the visual cinematography but if you are a film critic who enjoys a good story...this is not a movie for you!
8 out of 17 

What an amazing story telling and trademark elevation scenes by SS Rajamouli... He created a 3hr long trailer after 3yrs only to increase our appetite for Bahubali - The conclusion. What a visual feast it was... Felt like the end of this movie "Bahubali - The beginning" was just an intermission... Amazing movie.. Biggest disappointment - Wait for another year to see the final movie.. :-) Countdown for Bahubali - The Conclusion starts now!!! Though the starting was slow and a poor love story, the story picks up heat as it reaches its intermission. By the end of the movie u would be on a burning hot seat and the movie ends... As i said, the end of the movie was a perfect intermission, if Bahubali was a single movie... Alas, it is not..
8 out of 17 

When it is announced that tollywood is embarking on a first of its kind visual "epic", curiosity rose to the skies, the budget (250 crores), the stellar cast and the technicians all brought goose pimples to tollywood audience, especially when it was announced that the story was so mammoth it needed two parts to tell it. While we walk into the multiplex screening this mammoth spectacle of epic proportions, we prepare ourselves for a visual grandeur of a la Cleopatra, ten commandments, Spartacus or even Ben-hur, but sadly that was not to be, and "BAHUBALI" does disappoint on lot of areas, primarily the screenplay and the story.The movie begins with queen mother Sivagami (Ramyakrishna) trying to save an infant from some soldiers and dies just after handing over the baby to a tribal queen Sanga (Rohini). Rohini christens the boy as Sivudu (Prabhas), who actually develops an infatuation over a mountain peak and wants to see what lies beyond it.One day he succeeds in his mission and goes over the peak and runs into a rebel Avanthika (Tamannah Bhatia) and falls for her. Avanthika is on a rescue mission to save a certain Devasena (Anushka Shetty) who was imprisoned by the cruel king Balala Deva (Daguppati Rana) for more than 25 years. Devasena is waiting anxiously for her son to come and rescue her, though repeated requests from her loyalist Kattappa (Sathyaraj) to free her fell on deaf ears.Sivudu, takes over the mission from Avanthika and enters the kingdom of Mahishmathi to rescue Devasena. He succeeds in rescuing her and also killing the crown prince. Out in the wilderness, he learns the truth about his father Bahubali (prabhas again) and how he was treacherously killed by none other than..........................Sure, the movie was mounted on a mammoth scale, but what was lacking was a proper storyline. I know fans of the actors would argue that the real story is in the part II and this was just giving us a taste of what was to come. Well! I still say that they should have done a better job at giving us a good taste. The battle scene (only one) was neatly choreographed by Peter Heins and yes it does bring to memory lot of Hollywood epic battle scenes most notably 300 and Troy.Anushka Shetty was breathtakingly horrific as Devasena, her eyes spewing venom and the prosthetic makeup on her was natural and radiated a kind of zombiesque look, but it was magnificent.Tamannah Bhatia was the surprise package, she looked glamorous in the strip battle scene ( a format borrowed heavily from Zorro series starring Catherina Zeta Jones and Antonio Banderas) and was chilling as the blood thirsty rebel hacking and chopping her way in her actual introduction sequence.The movie belongs to RamyaKrishna who takes charge as Sivagami and radiates an immense presence even in scenes where she is not to be seen. Her performance when she cuts the throat of a traitor and immediately goes back to singing a lullaby to her baby was chillingly horrific.Prabhas disappoints big time, what was he thinking using the same bhimavaram accent and the hairstyle, they should have at least done something about these two. He does appear confused with both the roles, maybe we get to see some performance in the second part.Rana too dashes hopes, he is not so menacing as the publicity designs make him to be. He is just a sorry mess of Duryodhana and Rameses, the Egyptian pharaoh.Sathyaraj's character reminds you too much of Bheeshma from Mahabharata, a person who knows his king is wrong, but what the hell, he has sworn allegiance and he is to stand by the king.Music by Keeravani is forgettable, you don't remember any of the songs except the "pachhabottu" song, even that because of Tamannah's strip act.KK Senthil Kumar's cinematography is a wow, he has managed to capture every single thing the way it was meant to be. The battle scenes were beautifully covered, so was Sivudu's mission impossible mountain hike as well as the palace grandeur.End of the day, it only looks like SS Rajamouli has bitten more than he can chew this time. But yes he does deserve a pat on the back for even thinking of mounting a movie on such a scale, if only he had concentrated on the story as well, we would have had a epic adventure on our hands.
10 out of 23 

This movie is a complete package of romance, action and entertainment.As with almost all south Indian movies, there are some super natural scenes that cannot be possibly done but i don't believe they spoil the fun of watching this movie.The animation effects, the background scenes, the places where the movie is shot are absolutely stunning and worth to see. The war tactics used in the movie is outstanding. I had seen all famous action/war movies and still i was stunned by the tactics they have used.I loved the story line from the start. But i didn't liked the way they end the movie. Yeah, you will be disappointed in the end of the movie. The story is left incomplete and will be continued in its next part which will release in 2016. The way all the story line was going was left in a sudden end. I believe it could have been possible to split the story in some way better than they did.Though i was a bit disappointed but still the movie had left a stunning image. I am much eager and excited for the next part of the movie.
6 out of 12 

Action, Drama, Screenplay, Dialogues and VISUALS - you have it all on grand scale in Rajmouli's film. Apart from the 5-8 minutes of the randomly placed item songs, every single second of the the show time is worth being at the edge of your seat.Prabhas and Rana have done their roles with their maximum potential. Their muscular, hulk like frames have created super amazing action & war scenes.Anushka and Ramya are superb in their part. Alluring Tamanna in the waterfall scene appears as goddess of beauty.Overall the movie is above the expectations. Cheers for the team.
6 out of 12 

I would simply say.. Get away from anyone giving review. Go and watch this movie. You will be surprised by it. Not everyday are we going to get movies like this. Don't keep high expectations about the movie, unless you have seen previous Rajamouli films ;) (like Magadheera, Eega). I would definitely say watch on bigger screens like imax or xd. Background score is simply awesome and as usual rajamouli makes best use of the music for his sets.Visuals are good. All characters did their part. Cannot name anyone particularly. I liked the main character most. I will be watching the movie at least two more times :). Hope y'all enjoy it.
6 out of 12 

Gripping story,Amazing Visuals(VFX,Huge sets,Costumes) like never before in Indian film mesmerizes Audience completely. Great screenplay.its a visual feast for movie lovers.Bahubali took 3.5 years for the movie.S.S Rajamouli known for his blockbusters with ever film he make proved his mettle again .Highlights Visual effects Strong performance by Ramyakrishna,Prabas,Rana Costumes are good.Gripping story,Amazing Visuals(VFX,Huge sets,Costumes) like never before in Indian film mesmerizes Audience completely. Great screenplay.its a visual feast for movie lovers.Bahubali took 3.5 years for the movie.S.S Rajamouli known for his blockbusters with ever film he make proved his mettle again .Highlights Visual effects Strong performance by Ramyakrishna,Prabas,Rana Costumes are good.
6 out of 12 

This movie was started with great expectations.Yet because of some people the movie started with negative talks.Even with these the movie is ruling TFI and Bollywood.The movie is an epic. I personally say everyone that it is not a one time watch. Go for it. Coming to the director SS Rajamouli sir did a fantastic job as usual giving another blockbuster to TFI. The negative role played by Rana Daggubati was the best ever played role by any other actor. Supporting Actress Ramya Krishna's involvement in her role was the best part of the movie... The Screenplay is just awesome. The twist in the movie at the last will surely make everyone longing to wait for the second part for another year. Finally this movie is gonna be an epic in Indian Film History.
6 out of 12 

It is an Indian regional film released in several languages primarily made in Telugu and Tamil. This is about kings, Queens, Kingdoms and revenge with Indian touch of sentiments, emotions and Hollywood style graphics. The best part is with just $40 million director SS Rajamouli is able to create 2 parts with such quality and obviously is story telling is at its best that it self prevails in movie and visual effects takes it to next level. One should see the movie for his talent as well as performance of actors. Ramya Krisnan is the King pin for the first part with here commendable body language and expressions. Prabhas and Rana made people to sit in theaters. Satyaraj and Nazar delivered their expertise as veteran actors. Tamannah is so beautiful and Anushka just gave a glimpse of her acting skills and next part is going to visualize her skills completely.
6 out of 12 

One can simply say this is the best Indian movie. The VFX and visuals are mind blowing. Only negative part in movie is Tamannah. She didn't deserve that character. I don't say this is as good as 300 or lords of the rings etc., but with 250crs of budget I don't think more than this is possible. Simply superb and amazing. Ramyakrishna and Sathyaraj action is unbelievable. Anushka did best for the role she has. Prabhas and Rana did good but were dominated by Ramyakrishna. First half is little boring but the visuals behind the screen, the waterfall, mountains,snow, were awesome. The fight scenes in second half is ultimate. Screenplay was superb. Must watch. I watched it thrice.
7 out of 15 

After the insane reincarnated housefly revenge magnum opus, Eega (2012), I made a vow that I would watch anything directed by S.S. Rajamouli. Three years later comes Baahubali and he has completely pushed the cinematic envelope way off the charts with this one. This is total gonzo filmmaking. It feels like Rajamouli is holding the director's rulebook in his hand and he shouts "fuggit!" Then he went ahead and shot whatever his mind dreams up. This is a film made with total abandonment without adhering to steadfast rules. It re-invents its own rules and reality, and it is massively monster-entertaining.After watching thousands of films and writing hundreds of reviews, I sometimes feel I have become jaded. Almost every film can be reduced to a platitudinal paragraph or two. But sitting in a full house screening of this Tamil film (that is currently breaking numerous box office records in India), I was busy lifting my jaw so many times off the floor. I can't believe I was watching a film of such an epic scale, with such incredible story ideas and super duper inventive action spectacles. It felt like I was seeing cinematic stuff for the first time. It was a feast for the senses.My wife only had one complaint - some of the scenes were grossly exaggerated. I would like to correct that - the whole film is crazily exaggerated. The grand set design is a huge page taken out from Game of Thrones and Lord of the Rings, the physical actions that are humanly impossible, all of it I gladly took in hook line and sinker because of Rajamouli's great sense of effervescent adventure and his superb touch on CGI and great spectacles always serving the story. The characters depicted here are larger than than life and the storytelling has the chops to match it. The Indian cinema clichés are all here - the extended flashback, mother and son sad story, sibling rivalry, the indispensable love story. But the superb execution make them so refreshing. I can't believe nearly 3 hours passed by. This is an awe-inspiring film and I had goosebumps rising up so many times. Any movie that can make me believe a dude can stay underwater long enough so that he can tattoo a girl's hand with waterproof paints has gotten it right. This one broke all the rules and set new ones.This is fricking CINEMA!!!!
7 out of 15 

carrying loads of expectations walked into theater, but came out with much more satisfaction. production wise, and direction wise excellent job, photography and Vfx made the Indian cinema proud more than its level. despite very few flaws of C.G.I, it was great work , can appreciate each and every one who put their blood and sweat for this project. Story line was way beyond the expectations, twists made all goosebumps, emotions carried by every character made audience very connected. movie made up to the mark of Hollywood in Vfx and Ark work. Coming to the War sequences Peter hein gave a high standards, every frame has a real war feel, long shots and close shots made plus point to war scenes, the palace and rest of sets are imaginable to creativity of team baahubali. Any way its worth watching and must watch movie to every movie lover. Wait starts for Baahubali The conclusion.
8 out of 18 

Rs 250 crore foolish creation for stupid audience of India.Casting was horrible in the movie with Very lame creation of gimmicks and influence of all Hollywood100 percent production value but total rubbish script and screenplay.Voice are dubbed and not done separately in Tamil or Hindi or any language.I can see the sync issues in the movie for the Tamil versionThe movie has wonderful technical value than the script and the concept created by the director.The soundtrack for the film is total waste and not even more creative.. Keeravani.The DI work is below average in the movie and the performance of certain cast with extras are terrible.I wasted my time with my friends and family. I regret watching any Rajamouli movies.Will not watch the 2nd part.
17 out of 47 

Baahubali : A true magnum opus in every aspect.A visual treat in every frame from the start to the finish.SS Rajmouli, the man behind original counterparts of ROWDY RATHORE, MAKKHI, SON OF SARDAR, MAGADHEERA gives a fitting answer to the world that India is not behind in terms of VFX and SFX.The most expensive film till date in India and the massive scale of the film shows itself in every frame.Baahubali takes us to the mythical world of larger than life heroes, fairies, king and their massive kingdoms and trust me it's not at all meaningless.The story is pretty simple with a revenge saga featuring two warring cousins who want to have the throne for themselves. So it's obvious, one is good and the other is bad. Basically, a good v/s evil revenge saga but it has a lot more, much more to offer.Prabhas and Rana Daggubati feature as warring cousins and their hard work shows through their performance.Tamannah Bhatia is a goddess in every aspect. She perfectly plays the role of a warrior whose feminine side is unearthed by our hero. She literally seduces the audience with her flawless skin, her curves and her hourglass figure.Ramya Krishna and Sathyaraj play a good role in supporting the film with their powerful performance.The performance and the makeup of Anushka Shetty was a huge surprise for me as an old woman. The makeup team and the VFX team have done a great job here.It's not the end!! I Just cant stop talking about the GREATNESS of this film. tongue emoticon Until then, I eagerly wait for BAAHUBALI : THE CONCLUSION, scheduled for release in 2016.
5 out of 10 

Imagine a mother who is also the head of a huge kingdom and who has the choice of either putting her heir on the throne or her nephew. Assume that her son is as capable as her nephew. How many would then give up their maternal instincts and choose the nephew as the rightful king over her own son, based on his soft skills and endearing personality? What kind of complications is this likely to create not only in her own life but that of her son, her husband and everyone that surrounds them? This is really the crux of the movie.Have no doubt that the story is the first king followed by the visuals and the dramatic moments that unfurl almost every 15 minutes in the movie. The movie is billed as India's biggest blockbuster and it is so by miles. It requires a minimum of 2 viewings to truly grasp the essence of Baahubali.
5 out of 10 

Baahubali is a superb movie. I watched the movie on 10th and I was thrilled and felt never before i felt that crushing thrill. Baahubali has broken all India's previous records. This movies is marvelous, awesome and superb. Everyone can get this amazing thrill. Frankly speaking I am the die hard fan of Rajmouli and he is a legendary director. Coming to casting every character's dramatic performance is marvelous. And Rana's performance reached to the apex. indeed he is very suited to protagonist's role. Prabhas's style of action is wonderful no one can suite from Telugu industry to replace him. Kattappa's dramatic performance is dramatically reached to the apex. To be fair I Baahubali is a going to keep many more India's records. Films of India are going categorize movies before and after Baahubali.
5 out of 10 

Bahubali: The Beginning, is one of the best Indian movies ever made. Its a visual treat for Indian audience. S.S Rajamouli Sir - Undoubtedly is the best director in India. Movie has got a very good story supported by awesome VFX. The movie received critical as well as public appreciation. Coming to the performances, Remya Krishna, Satyaraj, Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anuskha Shetty did a great job. The movie has got a different type of climax, ending the story all of a sudden. It helps to maintain the thirst to watch Bahubali: The Conclusion. The second part of the movie will release next year (2016). Its a must watch movie and a highly recommended one. Don't Miss It. Run to the nearby theaters.
5 out of 10 

Love the effects, everything specially the war scenes are awesome. 17 VFX & 800+ technicians involved and cost of VFX is 85 crores rupees.Amazing acting by Prabhas and Ranna. Prabhas spent 1.5 Crores on gym equipment only.. Prabhas postponed his marriage for d movieTrailer got 4.05 million views in just 24 hrs on uTube n 1.5 million on FB.Only film to feature on BBC's documentary on 100 yrs of cinema.A new language named "KILIKI" invented with 750 words & 40 grammar rules.1st Indian movie to have it's own museum.1st ever actor (Prabhas) from TOLLYWOOD to get 20 Crores (highest paid ever) for a movie. – more then Rajnikanth/Kamal Hasan/Chiranjiv/Mamuthi/etcCrossed 100 crores in just 36 hrs. Must watch.!!
5 out of 10 

This is my first review in IMDb. I have created the account today to rate this movie.Excellent Movie, love to watch it again. Superb visualization, casting and full of entertainment.Prabhas and Raana did awesome. Raana looks totally different in "Baby" but this looks in the movie is totally surprised. eagerly waiting for second part. This movie can easily compete with the Hollywood movies "The Lord of the Ring" ans "300". Background music (sound for Maheshmati) is also awesome.Entry of Tamannah was so beautiful. Nice view. i enjoyed it throughout the time.it was a fantastic movie and worth the wait and ends with a nice climax which keeps you guessing the 2nd half story. Appreciate work of whole team.
5 out of 10 

Hi Everyone,I am a big fan of History/EPIC films and I have always loved Hollywood movies for the cutting edge technologies they use in War Epic Films. I was literally amazed watching Troy and from that day I always felt when will an Indian Movie reach such standards in Epic/History Movie making.After watching Baahubali one can surely say the movie is near match to Hollywood standards. The Gigantic sets, VFX Feast, Emotions,Avalanche scene, War episode, etc etc you name it this movie had it. Credit goes to each and every person worked for this film either on screen/off screen.This movie gave hope to upcoming innovative film makers that a correct storyline with international standards in film making will make a huge box office success.What next! I am eagerly waiting for Baahubali: The Conclusion that is going to release in 2016.Thanks, Sra1
5 out of 10 

Yeah. Movie is good. Graphic and direction is good. But its not good as much as given rating. It's typically Indian average movie with rating 5. Climax is missing. Not an good end, too much lengthy.. Suspense is good but not in coherence. Waste of time. Indian cinema loosing their value in world cinema.. Wake up and create a movie based on true event and show reality.. By the way its a progressive animation it this movie.. don't give fake rating.. It's will create bad image on Bollywood and entire country. Honestly I dislike this movie. But I want appreciate director. Movie show a effort.. Hope one day Bollywood create a project like Hollywood..
11 out of 28 

Ever imagined how our childhood Amar Chitrakatha stories of kings and the kingdoms would look if made on the scale of 'Lord of the rings'? Well the answer is SS Rajamouli's 'Bahubali: The Beginning'; and yes, it's indeed the beginning of grand cinema and believable special effects in India. Great to see, finally Indian movie makers are investing in such work and fortunately, the mammoth success attained by this movie on box-office will pave way for many more works like this. So, before drooling more on the magnificence of this magnum-opus by Rajamouli, let me touch upon major aspects of this movie: Plot & execution: The story is a typical historical fiction of kings and kinship, battles and wars; but here, it is the execution which makes the simple-story-on-paper a larger-than-life saga, an unforgettable epic! Full of melodramatic moments, the movie does succeed to convince the audience by taking them virtually into the fictional Mahishmati kingdom. The abrupt climax might disappoint many, but perhaps that was intentional to pave way for the pre- planned sequel. Cast & performances: Prabhas literally brings alive on silver screen, the machoism and heroics as required for the title role; aptly supported by Rana Daggubati and Tamanna Bhatia (both familiar faces in Bollywood), Ramya (the 90's Bollywood import from South), Anushka Shetty, Nassar, etc. These superior performances are further complemented by some superior dubbing (that one doesn't feel the divide of a dubbed version). Cinematography/ production design: Well these are the areas which make this movie a landmark in Indian cinema! Whether be the picturesque scenes of cliffed waterfalls or the royal arenas of Mahishmati or the marvelous war sections, all just class apart to give you goosebumps! This movie has virtually turned cinematic screen into a sky-size canvass where the director has painted his imagination with immaculate precision and grandeur. High benchmarks set for future! Music & songs: Now that our production scale is matching Hollywood levels, why can't Indian movies do away with unnecessary songs and dancing! Only saving grace in Music department is the fitting and well-suited background score by MM Keeravani. Flaws: No, Bahubali isn't free of vices. Unnecessary songs and romantic angle only slow down the pace of an otherwise swift storyline. Also, melodrama could be toned down a bit. Defense: Offlate, Bahubali has been criticized for being sexist and racist. Well, I do not agree with either. Had it been sexist, they would not have shown strong women like Sivagami and Devasena. Even Avantika's valorous side was well captured and just bringing out her feminine side doesn't make the movie sexist. Also, Kalakeyas being shown as dark people isn't racist. All fairy tales and even epics like Mahabharat and Ramayan have depicted demons and villains as not good looking people. So, this should not be taken as disgraceful and racist.Hope these suggestions are considered in sequel 'Bahubali: The Conclusion', everyone is ardently waiting for. Afterall, this one has left a lot of unanswered questions and raised the expectations to another level altogether. Hope the next one comes in a 3D version!Must watch this is! (TV sets/ laptops will not do justice to the enormity. So watch it only in theatres!)
6 out of 13 

For a long time, I don't remember struggling for tickets. Multiplexes and apps had just made things too easy. But then, India's most expensive film to date, Baahubali seems to have changed the whole demand game. Instead of media hype that is typical of Bollywood, it was actually word of mouth publicity that got many people to watch the film. Consequently, movie screens were almost full and finding tickets was tough.The story of Baahubali has everything that a political tale from the era of kings would have. There are cousins battling for the throne, played by Prabhas, as the protagonist with superhuman strength playing Baahubali and Sivudu and Rana Daggubati as the formidable antagonist, Bhallaladeva. Tamannaah (forget the ever changing spelling) Bhatia plays a masked tribal warrior girl Avanthika and Sivudu's love interest.Talk about wars and kingdoms, comparisons with '300', 'Game of Thrones' or 'Troy' and their likes are natural. In reality, filmmakers have very little latitude in the variety of stories that can be portrayed and it is also possible that some copied/ inspired scenes may emerge, for all we know! Still, one mustn't forget that SS Rajamouli's Baahubali is a story on political dynamics that are not unusual in Indian history and epics.The lead cast is supported by strong performances from Ramya Krishna, playing the matriarch Sivagami and Satyaraj as the brave, but morally obligated Kattappa and Nasser as Bhallaladeva's father Bijjaladeva. Minor roles include that of Anushka Shetty as Devasena and Sudeep as Aslam Khan, who may have bigger roles in the sequel.Bang for the buck comes from visual effects that are comparable to any big budget flick involving VFX. The scenes involving the gigantic waterfall and bull fight are on par with the global best such as Avatar or Jurassic World. Having said that, a couple of scenes, like the avalanche and some shots of capital city could have been improved.Complementing the stupendous visuals was the flawless sound mixing. The dialog, sound effects and the background score blend seamlessly. MM Kreem's ominous 'maahishmati saamrajyam' provides a perfect backdrop to the serious scenes. The songs were decent, however none of them can be categorized as hummable.Editing was perfect in the second half, while the first half was quite shaky. The movie could've taken more time to establish the characters but instead, some of scenes look rushed up. Frankly, a few minutes of extra runtime wouldn't have mattered if the transitions between some scenes were smoother.With massive sets, everything in Baahubali is on a grand scale. The Kingdom's capital was luxuriously large and the waterfall was unimaginably gigantic. The war scenes were realistic and captivating. Maybe, it would've looked tad more realistic if the capital's sets looked a bit weathered. The costumes were well done though.The weakest area in the film, that I could fathom was the make-up. Our filmmakers are simply unable to get past the obsession of painting faces. Time they understand that in ultra high definition of digital cinema, the make-up overdose look uglier than blemishes on the faces, that are natural and acceptable these days. This is one lesson that they need to learn from 'Game of Thrones' that got the make-up spot on. .The dubbing in Hindi was well done. Nevertheless, it would have been better if distributors had more shows of the original Telugu version with English subtitles running in Mumbai's multiplexes. It would've helped retain the original flavor of the film. Let's hope the distributors release the sequel on more screens!Rupees 250 crore for two films may sound like a big budget. But, in dollar terms a 40 million budget not actually big on a global scale. Yet, the movie has achieved so much. it is therefore testimony to the fact that India has tons of talent and if budget isn't a constraint, in the right hands, unbounded creativity can be unleashed in India.A brilliant movie like Baahubali coming from the South that is jeered for dark-skinned and fat stars is actually a slap in the face for Bollywood that is churning out trash as hits (at least for the likes of avuncular and narcissistic Shahrukh's Ra.One/ Jab Tak Hai Jaan or pseudo-intellectual Aamir's Dhoom 3 or a Salman who hasn't learnt one bit of acting in decades or Rohit Shetty blowing cars or Farah Khan's outrageous plot lines).Verdict: Sure as hell, Baahubali is no perfect film. But, for what it's worth, watch Baahubali on the big screen and thus discourage piracy This is the least bit that a movie fan must do to encourage the good guys among Indian filmmakers to take bigger risks in the right path and tell us bigger and grander indigenous stories.
6 out of 13 

Director Rajamouli's magnum opus Baahubali is the excellent reply to Hollywood movies like Troy & 300. Script is based on epic saga of Mahabharat : Good vs Evil. Movie has high dose of Visual effects e.g. water fall and battle scene which will give you feel of world class cinema. Turning warrior Tamannah to Angel by natural make up was brilliant sequence. Prabhas and Rana have given outstanding performance. Tamannaah will surprise you with her action sequences. Ramya and Anushka were brilliant in small role. Music was not up to the mark.This cinema will be bench mark of Indian epic cinema.In terms of budget, Baahubali is like ISRO's MOM compare to NASA like high budget Hollywood movies.
7 out of 16 

Baahubali- The beginning!!!I have never written a review before but its hard not to write a review after watching such a great movie! S.S. Rajamouli's vision is awesome and his world of Baahubali is mind blowing!! Loved the visuals!!!! He has changed the shape of Indian Cinema and I must say I am really proud to be a Telugu cinema viewer!I was eagerly waiting for Baahubali since I heard about it(about two years back). I watched almost all the promotion videos, interviews, audio launch videos and was very very excited to see this epic movie by the great director S.S. Rajamouli.I totally enjoyed each and every bit of the movie. The visuals are amazing!!!! Prabhas and Rana's screen presence is too good.. Ramya Krishna's character Shivagami is very strong and she was fantastic!! Costumes and background score are very good!!Prabhas-- he looks really like a King!!! I couldn't take my eyes off him!!Tamannah was good as a warrior and acted well as usual!! Waiting for next part to see Anushka as queen of Mahishmati.. The war scenes were amazing and reminded me of Lord of the Rings and Hobbit..!!Take a bow - S.S.Rajamouli- one of the finest and great directors of Indian Cinema. Truly proud moment for Telugu cinema and Telugu movie lovers!
7 out of 16 

I am mostly compelled with the beautiful script which in a way reminds me of poetry, though it is still everyday language. I love the acting portrayed by the characters that are also superb and the parts suit them perfectly. There are also a number of less "popular" elevation of characters who also deserve a big "bravo". Among them I have to mention epic kingdom queen who is mostly used as the serious relief of the movie. In BAAHUBALI we can also see the beautiful and popular Star and actress Anushka, who although has a poor costume designer, she is totally appears like a slave with no powerful dialog where she was a queen for the kingdom.Actually I got to IMDb while after i saw movie, in fact on IMDb Movie has no stunning photos. I was lucky to watch this movie in bigscreen. Some time i felt a beautiful body without soul and not only a gorgeous and talented actress but Ramyakrishna is also amazingly intelligent and very down-to-earth. We will definitely be seeing more of her work in the future...
7 out of 16 

This is my first review so I would like to keep it short and simple. First thing that's worth mentioning about Baahubali is the amount of detailing that went into sketching Maahishmati kingdom. It was such a beautiful work to see on screen and Kudos to all the CGI team for doing such wonderful work. Visually Baahubali is stunning and eye appealing.For me personally, Sivagaami (Ramya Krishna) has dominated with her powerful character on screen. Sivudu (Prabhas) and BhallalaDeva (Rana) were equally good. Satyaraj, Nazar made their presence felt and were right choices for their roles. Casting on the whole was spot on! On the downside, Tamannah was a bit let down for me (You may understand this after you watch the film as I don't want to reveal anything about plot).It's not an easy task to bring an imagination like Baahubali on screen on Rajamouli aka Jakkanna has aced it. If Baahubali lived to its expectations, it's only because of Rajamouli who captained a team of top technicians. Everyone from his team deserves special mention for the amount of work that has gone into making this film. There are trademark Rajamouli scenes in Baahubali as well were you feel goose bumps. War scenes are equally epic.And the way Rajamouli ends it building a very nice premise for 2nd part is awesome!Baahubali - A movie to be remembered for long
7 out of 16 

This movie is highly recommended for everyone and it deserves 10 stars. vfx is beyond expectations. very very well directed by raajmouli. the graphics is better than krish 3 and this movie has good story and well acted by all the actors..highly recommended for everyone just go and watch and for its 2nd part ..yes 2nd part that will hit the theaters on next year ...these movie is made with great budget so at least go once and watch it...you will not disappoint from this movie.... it is an epic movie..... blockbuster and best movie of all time... don't think so much -just go and watch this movie so go and watch this movie it will awesome in every way you are never bore for a second............................ this is my first review......
7 out of 16 

I seriously don't think writing review for this movie would actually make a huge difference, as it has already created various records ! Baahubali is undoubtedly, one of the most prestigious projects of TFI, which has uplifted the standards of Indian Cinema, before its release itself, and now, no wonder it actually nailed the records set by stuff of predecessors ! Known as the "Biggest Motion Picture of India", Part I, THE BEGINNING has hit the screens today, and now let us see, how is it....but yeah, I am making sure this review is not having any spoilers smile emoticon ! To start about the story, It feels as if we have asked our dad to tell a good story at bed time..we wont be bored but we would really feel irritated when he actually stops his narration and says "sleep now, rest of the story, for tomorrow" ! Yes, thats the biggest drawback of Baahubali, one can't literally wait for it's sequel (THE CONCLUSION) which is scheduled in 2016 ! Though story seems a bit predictable, but, chill dude, it's a Magnum opus...watch it on screen thats it ! I must salute the technical team ! I can't really say I have loved Cinematography or Editing or stuff, as missing few things would make me feel guilt ! So, I can only say that Baahubali nailed it in each and every technical department ! In fact, technically, comparing this movie with Hollywood flicks would be stupid...for few contexts, Baahubali is surely better than Hollywood ! VFX are simply sexy...it was never before in TFI, hardly few shots of couple of seconds look like video game ! Prabhas, Rana, Nasser, Anushka, Tammanna, or Ramya Krishna, everyone simply rocked the screen ! Though Prabhas and Rana kills with his looks, I somewhere though Rana would have been or showcased to be more powerful ! Performances wise, *whistles* ! But for a special mention, I should say Anushka steals the show with her role....! Tamanna looks beautiful too ! Emotional content in this film will tear the screen apart and the Epic war sequence will make you simply go mad...and will stand as milestone ! Apart from spectacular visuals and mind blowing sets and an amazing narration, the best quality of this movie is Music....! Hats off to the songs, and its show casing...and especially The soundtrack ! I seriously wish they would actually release the official soundtrack of it ! There is nothing as brilliant as the show casing of "Dheevara" in recent times..."Manohari" has got no relation with its next scene and looks as if its an unnecessary element and just as an add-on ! Yeah, so to talk about the most amazing part, its undoubtedly Kaalakeya episode...he and his language will steal the show ! Action sequences are brilliant ! There are few surprises in the movie which can make you smile ! Though there are lot more to say, which cant be said actually ! On the whole, I would say Baahubali is not only a feast for hungry Prabhas fans, its a film for every TFI fan ! I can only say to #LiveTheEpic ! Just go for it...!-------------------------------------------------------MY RATING : 5 / 5
7 out of 17 

don't fool by the IMDb ratings of this movie. I'm a south Indian and i didn't enjoy this movie. 2 hr 40 minutes of boring cartoon cum drama with no story line. if you want to watch this movie you need to do following things 1. leave your brain in fridge at home because you don't need it. 2. don't hesitate to laugh at emotional scenes. 3. don't ever question on any thing that film contains. 4. be strong and brave 5. don't have any expectations 6. control your anger 7. if possible watch Micky mouse or Doraemon or any of cartoon to refresh your mind after watching the movie. 8. if somebody asks you about Why did Kattappa Kill Bahubali? then answer is simple, who gives the flying f**k.people are saying this movie has great VFX or CGI that's another nonsense. have you seen the movie the Fall it has the best vfx. don't compare with LOTR or 300 or troy or gladiator, oh! for the matter of fact don't even compare with Doraemon episodes with lowest ratings. my ratings 1. story 0/10 2. acting 5/10 3. VFX 6/10 4. Direction 0/10 5. songs 1/10 6. background score 1/10 7. battle scenes- copied 8. run time- should've been a short movie 9. screen play- forget about it 10. climax- "WHAT". better you watch some Chinese, Japanese or Korean ancient war movies like red cliff, admiral, crouching tiger, masquerade, ran etc so many better war movies. luckily they didn't compare it with Brave heart lol. if you're planning to watch the second part watch it as a cartoon network program. IMDb should take care of these fake accounts.
4 out of 8 

This movie cannot even be considered a B movie. I personally do not like musicals and i believe it just lowers the quality of a movie. Since almost all Indian movies are musicals , leave it here. But calling this movie the best movie from India is a big insult to Indian movie industry.Let me start with acting. Although side role characters are OK , the acting from main main characters is simply horrible, actually i do not even want to elaborate.Story has no depth and full of gaps and inconsistencies, but is kind of a cheap remake of the story of prophet Moses, the difference finding family is good but the real family is bad . You cannot understand why many of the occurrences happen. Also war scene is almost stolen from troy , same shield wall, two brothers....Our muscular hero is something above Hercules and any demigod or god you can name from mythologies , cannot be harmed and gets stronger when he is angry like Hulk . He is so romantic and speaks like the lowest quality poems.Even in the most unbelievable fantasy movie you can make some explanations over the world they have created , but here you can expect catapults to shoot burning fabric and kill 100 thousand people .... Why would you add so many stunt man and walking-on players and not even make a proper war scene.If you cannot find anything to watch and so bored , even than don't watch this one , go watch brave heart or troy 11 th time .
4 out of 8 

I think this is the first Movie from India which managed to make such a hype across all the film industries. With all this hype and calling this as an Indian answer to 300, may be I was expecting too much from the movie which ended up in a no man's land. It's all clichéd and as Rajamouli did what he does best in lifting scenes from other movies, he didn't want to miss that in this. you can see shades of Mongol, Red Cliff and most importantly Hercules. I think the entire war scene was a direct lift from Hercules. So, if you doesn't care about the authenticity of the work or watching the visuals in the movie for the first time then you would like the movie and even if you don't fall in the above category you will end up watching this because of the hype generated. So, enjoy the movie. Thanks.
4 out of 8 

Whilst there are many types medieval societies this film marks about the Indian tradition's very own way of kingdom, architecture, strongholds, etc. It is a traditional visual delight for anyone who watches film with open mind.Epic war scenes, BGM's and castings make this film to a whole new level. The might of baahubali(The one with stronger arms) is portrayed beautiful. This VFX and screenplay float you to imaginary world for the whole time you watch the movie.I bet there'll be no time for you to yawn in between the movie. Complete awesomeness.
4 out of 8 

The first telegu movie that I saw was Magadheera. I think Indian cinema turned a corner with that movie. With Baahubali we are truly on song.This are the type of movies that we yearn for.Its one of those movies which you enjoy even more on second viewing (just like magadheera). S.S.Rajamouli is a genius. The person who gave the background music is another genius. The scrip writer is a master. Prabhas, Rana, Ramya are awesome in their roles. Tamanna looks gorgeous and acts well. Anushka is also superb in a short role. Even katappa is apt for the role! The sets,cinematography & songs are surreal.The war scenes & techniques can put Hollywood movies to shame. I am not exaggerating! See it for yourself.The movie is an out and out epic. It gives us a small glimpse of our ancient hindu culture.I would say a big thank you to telegu cinema. We look forward to more of these with bated breath.Jai Mahishmathi!
4 out of 8 

From the very first scene you get to know that you are going to be apart of very new world.The whole new world which is the creation of S.S.Rajamouli. The sets, the narration, background music , acting , c.g.i., screenplay,direction every thing is extra ordinary.each and every frame is epic. You can see the efforts of it on the screen in each and every department of the movie. What a heroic narration.I am still in the awe of some scenes that I never saw in cinema.I am eagerly waiting for the Baahubali: the conclusion. And yes the director he is truly worth a stamp.It is sure shot and deserving Blockbuster. I am a big fan of Game of Thrones and I must say the shooting is even looks bigger than that.Indian values , heroic character , the villain , the whole epic fantasy.JUST WOW. I watched in Hindi and its super awesome in dubbed version too. Each and every character superbly framed. Every actor has done a decent job and Prabhas and Raana are over the sky, earned more than 100% credit. Can't wait for part 2. Its a new benchmark for Indian cinema. Story - 10/10 Acting - 9/10 Visuals - 10/10Overall 10/10
4 out of 8 

Excellent movie. The characterizations of all the characters is amazing. I am in love with all of them. All characters depicted perfectly. Casting is excellent. Music is very powerful and adds to the tone of the movie. Sudden increase of pace and emotion before the intermission was beautiful. Climax is awesome. It has left many of us guessing what is the next part. Fight sequences are well taken. Hats off to the crew and thanks for excellent movie and waiting for the follow up. The choice of tall and well built actors for the lead roles is commendable as it gives much required feel of brave warriors. The language used by barbarians is also good. Didn't understand a word of it but understood everything. In all very brave attempt and fortune favours the brave!
4 out of 8 

this movie change Indian cinema history. it's 1st ever unique and superb visual and sound. worth to watch it. Sanskrit song is awesome. location also mind blowing. for 3 scene it's take notice that not perfectly edition (looks like visual effect) but OK. this is 1st Indian movie that use so much visual effect even don't notice to you that unreal . you may seen some visual effect movie like, Kris 3 , Ra- one etc of bollywood but those are worst movie. this movie rocking should win Oscar for music, acting and visual too. So in the end, I would like to say - Go and watch it instead of watching the crap that Bollywood has been producing lately. Its something to be proud of. Book your tickets and watch this Indian grand spectacle. You wont regret it. P.S: I want to see Rajamouli doing "Mahabharata" next.
4 out of 8 

When I was a kid I used to read lot many fantasy stories like Bahubali in Chandamama books, after reading I used to visualise on my own .............and enjoyed movies like Ramayana, Mahabhaarata, but never satisfied much due to poor VFX & Technics.But after 34 yrs of my wait SSRajamouli, really made my dream came true, while I was watching Bahubali, I felt like reading my childhood Chandamama tales, really I'm impressed a lot and enjoyed the movie till the end, and eagerly waiting for Part-2.I felt very sad, when I read some unnecessary criticism on this movie which is having rich Indianness, I don't know on which flat form we all speak with one tone. Many of us always try to impress foreigners in that process we are loosing our Identity.So, my dear brothers & sisters pls support our Indian intelligence, we need to travel far ahead and need to achieve a lot, we have deep emotional stories which foreigners don't, but we need to improve our technical skills.thanks guys............Please don't forget to watch this epic movie ........... Indian Bahubali-1.
4 out of 8 

Being a huge fan of the Director S.S Rajamouli a huge anticipation before the release made me watch the movie FDFS, The technical team keeps updating about the movie getting released with 4K & Dolby Atmos, I just don't want to miss any of the features of the movie selected the best theater with Dolby Atmos but only 2K projection mesmerized me with the way the story has been driven by the Director & the rest of the Technical team.As a Indian we are not used to the Sequels are Prequels even after mentioning by the director S.S Rajamouli that the movie is a 2 part edition I was anticipation how he will be ending the part 1 but actually I am much more impressed by the way it is made the entire movie buffs to wait for the Baahubali - The Conclusion 2016.All the aspects & Departs of the movie rocked there levels providing the visual bonanza for the viewers.My note please watch it in a 4K Dolby Atmos Screen if available in your areas.
4 out of 8 

Once in a while, there comes a spectacular weave of artistry that literally takes your breath away. That my friends is Bahubali!I am no avid connoisseur of movies, so as to pen my thoughts on them with frequent flourish. But yet with this masterpiece, I am compelled to do so.The movie, which is without a doubt a timely landmark in Indian cinema, takes us into the spectacular imaginative world of Rajamouli the director, which he showcases from start to finish with creativity and bravery, an act never before witnessed in Indian cinema.Bahubali has all the ingredients for a great film; a riveting story, brilliant acting, great photography, a great score and the list can go on.All in all, you will not regret purchasing a ticket for this masterpiece. At the end you will be left wanting more. A sequel to end the saga is set to release in 2016.Let Rajamouli, continue to work hard and make movies that transport us to the true magical world of the movies!
4 out of 8 

Apart from some VFX which I feel can be made more realistic in some frames, you can't find any mistakes done by director, casts or crew. All people are presented in their best (except Anushka in this part ;) . It has all types of emotions, brutal battles sequence, pinch of comedy with awesome visuals. Must visit a theater to get feel of every frame's environment and gigantic sound.A Prince of Persia (Game series, not movie) & Game of Thrones (TV series) watcher can find some concept resemblance with a hint of Mahabharat story. But overall it joins every heart & satisfies different movie watcher's taste.
4 out of 8 

First time I saw the trailers of Bahubali: The Beginning it got me mesmerized, by that time I didn't knew it was the costliest Indian movie ever made, but still there was something raw about the movie which made me to know more about the film. I searched around internet and came to know more about the movie. this movie is first bilingual movie made in Telugu and Tamil. You can see the effort put by the team in the movie, actors have gained weight and exercised to extreme to look like warriors. There have been thousands of VFX shots, an eight ton statue which took four days to erect. this movie is made on grand scale and celebrate the culture of past true to its nature. This is a must watch for all.
4 out of 8 

I was eagerly waiting for this film and I was not disappointed.Baahubali is one of the most visually impressive films that have come from India. Everything about this film is good - Story, direction, beautiful cinematography, haunting score and amazing visuals (though they lack some details at some places).I didn't know who Rajamouli was, basically because I am from North India and I don't follow south Indian cinema. But I am sure he is someone you should know about. SS Rajamouli is amazing. He has made something that we can be proud of. I was sure that the VFX would be good however I had a doubt about the story. Rajamouli proved me wrong with this film. The story and the execution is really good. Story takes elements from Indian mythologies (specially from the life of Lord Krishna) . You can not expect more. He took a big risk and made it big. This is what we need, good quality cinema. Salman fans should learn something from it.All the actors are good and perform their part really well(except Tamanna. She tries too hard but fails miserably). In fact, Tamanna has been used as a plot device (A MacGuffin as Alfred Hitchcock used to call it). Prabhas is okay in the beginning but transforms into a behemoth during the second half. This guy is a natural. He doesn't act exceptionaly but his presence is enough to give you the feels.The background score needs special mention because it is amazing. It is different from anything you have ever heard in India. The score that plays during war is haunting. (Clearly inspired from the LotR)I would be lying if I didn't say that Rajamouli spent a lot of time watching The Lord of The Rings. Yes, some scenes will remind you of 300 and the Lord of The Rings but believe me it is completely different. He doesn't copy anything, he uses it as a source of inspiration. There is only one scene that I remember from LotR which has been used in Baahubali. But denying that he was influenced by Peter Jackson would be a big lie. Its a great thing that he was influenced by such a great film otherwise we wouldn't have Baahubali.The quality of graphics work is very good. In fact its insane for such a cheap price given that Hollywood uses big budget for the same. The battle sequence is SPECTACULAR and reminded me of Battle of Helm's Deep and Pelennor fields from LotR.But the movie is not without some minor problems. There are unnecessary songs which ruin the experience (I laughed so hard when Prabhas started dancing randomly. Everyone was looking at me.) and some parts are dragged (specially the first half) . Also there are continuity problems and some actors are over-the-top. Cut down the songs and edit the movie and voilà we will have a SPECTACULAR film.Baahubali is not the answer to 300, Gladiator or The Lord of The Rings because saying so would be foolish. Don't compare this movie to the Hollywood ones because we still have a long way to go. It's not the Indian 300, its Indian "Baahubali".So in the end, I would like to say - Go and watch it instead of watching the crap that Bollywood has been producing lately. Its something to be proud of. Book your tickets and watch this Indian grand spectacle. You wont regret it. P.S: I want to see Rajamouli doing "Mahabharata" next.
4 out of 8 

If you've watched movies like Hobbit, you may find this movie boring.And getting a bit tired of Keeravani's music now. Songs failed to deliver even decent music. Rajamouli should have tried newer Composers.I felt Magadheera was a way better movie for a strong story line and screenplay.The best I can say is it is a Good attempt and strictly a one time watch (that too if you really want to watch due to peer pressure of the hype) especially if you've watched Lord of Rings or Hobbit Series. It is clear the idea of enemy talking a different language was similar to the Orcs in Hobbit.I am quite disappointed with some scenes where you can make out it is graphics. Example, soldiers running on the wall -- seriously, it looked like a video game's graphics. When so much money was spent, why couldn't they have gotten some decent graphics??? I was waiting for when the movie was going to end.
4 out of 8 

For anyone griping about how there are "unfinished treads" or "seems like an episode and have to wait for another to complete" you can disregard their ratings for obvious reasons. Just like all big stories this was touted as 2 party movie. You are all OK with Lord of the Rings, Hobbit, Harry Potter but all of a sudden this is somewhat of a shocker to you all???!!!!No other Indian movie (all the woods combined)- period movie or not comes close to the grandeur of this movie. The acting of all the cast is excellent. This is a big screen movie and you have to experience it.The story is simple but the presentation, cast, the acting, etc makes this a movie that is several notches above any other movie in the history of Indian cinema. If you compare this with Holloywood it is nothing less. Again people have to be realistic about comparing with Holloywood - Hollywood can AFFORD to spend BECAUSE they HAVE HUGE WORLD market.... Humongous compared to Telugu film market or any Indian cinema market . So Hollywood can spend and make spectacular movies. Baahubali is spectacular.
6 out of 14 

Being a hardcore movie enthusiast, this movie created an overwhelming interest right from the beginning stage of its shooting. I had very high expectations and after watching the movie not only it exceeded my expectations but also made me awestruck. I really can't wait until next year for it's second part to release. Believe me, even though the story and the concept is not so complex to understand, the mind blowing technical values and taking of the movie is what made me speechless. Nothing like it!! Please go watch it and I assure you that you will never ever regret. A great tribute to Indian film Industry and especially Telugu cinema.
6 out of 14 

A movie of great vision and commitment in production. Thorough detail observed, and a lot of innovation. A Klingon type language innovation.My ratings are under the following categories with remarksStory 7 Better than average, due to suspense elementPicturization 8 Great visualizations and depictionActing 8 Good effort by all, mainly Prabhas for rock climbingInnovation 10 Very well executed particularly the Kilkili language and war elementsNon CG Effects 8 Better than the CGCG Effects 7 Nothing too spectacular, however, the range has not been risked earlierMusic 7 Better than averageAccuracy 8 Good, some detailing for story telling left to imaginationMarketing 7 Good buildupOverall 7 Walkout effect, second part should reveal the real truthTotal 7.7Would recommend the movie for its epic nature. However, best seen in a quality theater
6 out of 14 

I had a bulk of expectations from Baahubali while I was walking into the Cinema hall. This film created buzz ever since the 1st Poster was released(It also hold the Guinness world record of biggest Poster). I didn't want to discuss about the story-line because it may affect interest of people. I want to thank Raj and all the members of this movie who has given such masterpiece. Its unimaginable to see such kind of movie made in India. Go and enjoy this movie, It has everything in it. Some people blatantly says its a copy of 300, I would say 300 movie has been taken as inspiration and there is a difference between inspiration and copying content. I can't wait to watch second part of the movie, I hope it come ASAP.
5 out of 11 

I went to this movie with lot of expectations.. and the director didn't let things out! Kudos to Rajamouli and his team! A fantastic Indian movie that has set a High standards.The director's way of storytelling keeps the viewers stick to the seats except few places where the songs sequence let loose the viewers, noticed few people leaving the Hall during the song sequence. The Graphics part are pretty good, the Visual effects team have done a clean job! except one place where I felt 'the hero escapes from the palace before rescuing his mother' could have been done better.All the main actors in this movie have done justice to their roles. We can see that Prabas and Rana have put in a lot of hard work on their physic. Their presence in action sequence are energetic! (probably more of their action to come in part2). Ramyakrishnan and SathyaRaj's part in this movie is superb! A must watch movie on big screen!
5 out of 11 

I really don't know why but 9.5 is indeed a very high rating for this movie. In fact there are many Indian movies with either high or low budget which should have deserved this rating. I would say this movie was a pain to my ears . Visually the movie might be good to see but the story seems to be a like a mix of different epics. And on top of this there is another conclusion it seems. Oh my god. Please don't. In spite of liking the directors previous film Eega, this was a complete disaster. The first half was filled with thamana showing her skin most of the time. The director used the vfx well but completely forgot that he has story to think of. This is definitely one of the biggest minus in the movie. And on top of this the songs and background music. I wish I had a ear plug. And just subtitles would have made me a get a better impression on this movie. Horrible music. Literally it was pain. An item song in between. Oh God. Please. This is completely nonsense. Seriously IMDb should change the rating. If this movie deserves 9.5 , then please answer what happened to PK,Endhiran,"I",Vishwaroopam,Dasavatharam. In fact "I" was shown as the most expensive film. And it did pay off "I" was indeed amazing to watch. Rajamouli has failed. Please never compare him with shankar. He is nothing in front of Shankar
13 out of 38 

BAAHUBALI REVIEW- Everyone was waiting for this huge project since last 3 years. And then trailer came and blown everyone's mind. Now film has been released in theaters and people are just gone mad to watch it in theatre. Same story of mine too. Had very high expectations from it but sadly film did not matched up to my expectations. Everything was big in the film but don't know why film didn't left me with its impact. Story of very Kind and brave king baahubali that how he became king and then someone from his loved ones killed him by betrayal. And now his son just know what happened to his father years ago. Son who lives in different society goes to that kingdom to escape his mother from his relatives who seems to be cruel ones. Nothing new or special in story but the execution is very large. Film has been shot on very large scale which is treat to watch. From the start to end it never gives you feel of watching an ordinary movie. Locations and cinematography is excellent. Acting is good but not great. Because there are no such scenes where actors could show their acting talent. Music is not that good. But Background music is awesome which makes those scenes much better. Production is outstanding. I have to praise production team for their daring to make such a huge film with this much huge budget.in last 30 mins you can see their efforts that how large they made it. Those war scenes will blow you. People will remember this film for its budget and the daring of the production team. Direction was strictly okay. When you have everything from producers then you should make a masterpiece but director failed to impress. He made some scenes completely for masses only. That money making stuff as if we were watching an action masala entertainer. Cant blame him only because he didn't had so much in story but still i think he could have made it better. Some songs were completely waste,were avoidable actually. Final words, neither film disappointed me nor impressed me. Its a good film to watch once but not strongly recommended. Watch it, only because you want watch its next part and don't want yourself to get confuse with its plot. If you will watch this one then only you will understand whats going on when you will watch its 2nd part. Go for this, for their entire team's hard work. Obviously they have made the biggest movie ever in the history of Indian cinema. All the best to the entire team. 7 * stars by me :)
26 out of 89 

IF THIS IS THE HALLMARK OF Indian CINEMA.. I HAVE TO HANG MY HEAD IN SHAME.I can get behind the idea of a movie being a commercial oriented projected, but somewhere down the line people started to say this movie is a new beginning for Indian cinema. People who believe that, I bet have never watched a real movie, real drama or let's be entirely honest, they have never seen a movie which has not been produced in India.This movie is cheesy, the soundtrack is garbage, and oh my oh my... don't even get me started on a story which holds no attention over it's viewers.Indian cinema has a rich history, and the true art of making cinema in India has been long lost. The last hero we had was satyajit ray, and these directors who have been made larger than life cannot write a story to save their lives, let alone save the Indian cinema.All the positive reviews are definitely Indians, who have never seen what a good movie is supposed to be like.
1 out of 1 

How can you expect an actor of Prabhas' age dancing like a teenager!! Hindi dubbing is bad. Exaggerated exposure of strength. It is kind of like "Everything should be magnanimous." Only war sequence is good. Everything else looks artificial. The story line could have done away with Tamanna's story. Anushka has no role to play except eye-expressions and constant waiting. Dugabatti is wasted. Nasser is wasted. Everything is just over-hyped. The tribal war lord's role is good. .............. .......... ........ ...... .......... ........... ......... ....... .......... .......... ....... ............. . ... ... . ... ........ .......... ........ ...... .......... ........... .... ..... ....... .......... .......... ....... ............. . ... ...
7 out of 18 

I wanted to rate it for 2 star but for only some visual effects ( but not looks natural at all and Bollywood style makeup make it worst ). Average story and average acting. Tamana has done brilliant overreaction in acting. Songs are awful and don't know why the director put the item song on it. Indian people cant live without putting love stories and bold scene on any kind of movie no matter whether its documentary, drama or action. This movie can be looks good who not watched the class and level of Hollywood. Do not compare it with 300 and Lords of rings. They are light year far ahead from Bollywood. Bollywood is known to make copy of Hollywood scene, story and even dialogue and they even don't think to edit it. Simply use Ctrl + C and Ctrl + V. plus the jump scene was a copy from the movie THE DARK KNIGHT RISES..............now, when you realize that the first 20 minutes of the movie contains scenes from over 3 different movies just tell me how much curiosity you would be left with? Its most over-hyped movie ever and Crap Ending for this Movie.
13 out of 40 

Opinion, Baahubali: The Beginning.Hype, excitement, "brace yourselves", we've had it all. Phrases iterated time and again, South Indian Cinema, rather a great deal of it has always resided in the disappointing side of the curve. That particular curve, over time, has become so steep that a good telugu movie was referred to with a superficial conjecture. Baahubali stands out to make a new graph, the only difference being it does not stay true to its ancestry.Beginning of the movie, as I sat in the overpriced INOX seats with some overpriced Nachos and Coffee, I expected the hype to fail and some cheesefest for display so I can go home and whine about how much of torment I have been through. But what I rather caught the eye of, was absolutely fantastic. As I sat myself through with keen eyes, there was some brilliant music playing in the background sending a shiver through my nerves at every engaging moment. Every character who came to display brought more immersion with him than the prior. My favourite of them all has been, Kattappa, Kattappa was outstanding. And the visuals (insert puking rainbows meme here) were stunning.Now, now, the movie isn't all sunshine and rainbows. There are some unnecessary scenes as well, What I didn't like about Baahubali is that it still holds some of the telugu cinema clichés, the unnecessary dance songs, the romance arc. But wait, that's about it. That is what i had to complain about.As the interval set a grand stage for the second half, I was still getting over the marvelous pre interval scene. And what followed the interval -the warfare, the story, the powerful screenplay, the effort put into visuals, the grand stage, performance by the cast, was pure cinematic excellence. And when the movie ended, I could not argue but rule out that Baahubali is amazing. Making a movie like Baahubali requires a great deal of effort and S S Rajamouli has put every bit into it. If not for the stifling unnecessary scenes, Baahubali is fantastic and one amongst the best Telugu movies.Highly Recommended. Make an effort to watch it on the big screen.
6 out of 15 

Prabhas best movie, also one of Tamannaah best roles, a must see. First tip, go to theater to see this film. If your not seeing on the big screen, it would be like watching "Gone with the Wind" on a 13" TV, you will regret it all your life. It's a spectacular action filled fantasy.It is movie series which are not common in Indian films, this one is a multi-part movie and one should expect being left a bit high and dry. All in all, if next one is even close to this one it could be the best watching since Lord of the rings.There was an air of excitement in the theater, and the theater was cheering, roaring, and banging at the start of this long awaited film, again when Prabhas first appeared. All this added to the excitement of seeing in the theater. Don't miss the chance to see as it was meant to be seen.
6 out of 15 

Yes its the best movie in Indian version of troy.watch it for best visual effects and hunky heroes.characters do come alive. Appreciate and enjoy watching it. Best characters scripted with best dialogues.needs little more brushing but its been crafted by best techs and passionate work. Appreciate for scripting the characters in best way. Watch it for the story line which is going take complete shape with the second part of it. Limited way of stunts comparing to Hollywood and when thor with hammer can be appreciated then this deserves to be a best movie in a war epic.even though its not Been from exact history even then it deserves a best viewership. Budding director for movie like this should be best for the sake of best direction.
6 out of 15 

The most expensive movie ever in Indian Cinema, yeah I got that right when I eventually saw the ticket prices and that too for a weekday. Lots of discussions, whether to pay for drop, finally we decided to pay and found seats in one of the front rows. This was the excitement before the movie and after the movie, Overpriced, Overrated Cinema.Bahubali seemed to be an impossible kind of a movie for the Telugu Film Industry or even for Indian Cinema as some say, may be that's the reason why many people think its a marvel kinds. Definitely not worth a 9.4 rating. Come on! its IMDb and people just can't rate an average movie a 9. Some people were even comparing it with the Batman Series!!.I understand we've not exposed to this kind of cinema but wake up, you've just reached a place where people have already been appreciating such movies since a long time from now.
5 out of 12 

I have been waiting for this movie since 2 years. When they announced release date for the movie,i was so excited and booked tickets for the very first Show(Called Benefit Show) . I was stunned after watching the movie. I thought it would be just a movie with Hollywood style of war scenes but later I realized that I am wrong. S.S.RAJAMOULI proved once again that his name itself indicates for "SURE SUCCESS". The narration of the movie is top-notch . The BGM by M.M.Keervani is absolutely Mind- Blowing. Prabhas and Rana at their Best. The climax of the movie increase the bar of the movie to the next level. Don't care for critics and negative comments. All I can see is a tons of hard work from every technician. "TECHNICALLY BRILLIANT"Waiting for sequel "BAAHUBALI-THE CONCLUSION(2016)"
5 out of 12 

Let's not talk about standards. As a 2 hr 40 mins movie it fails to impress. A dream song and an item song makes it more worse. Hero Shivudu's hunky look, Villain's mannerism, Kattappa and Sivagami characters are impressive. Low level graphics at most crucial scenes(shivudu entering scene into mahishmathi kingdom, Ballala dev's fight with graphical bull, water fall). Background score was below par. Even unbearable at times in first half(Dolby atmos) . Devasena's make up and Avanthika's body language are hilarious things of this movie. First of all we need a good story and a better way to narrate and present on the big screen. Bhajrangi Bhaijan is one example for that.War sequences are quiet good though. For 40 mins in second half we can definitely watch it once. Slow and weak first half and good 40 mins war scenes in second half makes it an average telugu film.Verdict: If you ever watched a good English war movie then you might find it hilarious. If you are only a telugu movie type , you will sure like it.Wait for the Bahubali conclusion.
4 out of 9 

Tollywood successful director SS Rajamouli is about to wind up his big budget (175 crore) historical drama titled Bahubali, in which young rebel star Prabhas is acting as Bahubali and Rana Daggubati as his villain brother, while actress Anushka of Arundathi fame playing a female lead role.This much awaited movie has almost got completed except one song, the movie is all set to release on May 15th. Rajamouli's team is been working on this project since last two years. Director Rajamouli is working very hard to give the best output. He had hired some kick- ass technicians, of them top cartoon companies and Graphic designers are working with this film. Gem of a cameraman, Senthil is once again working with rajamouli after Magadheera and Eega.Actor Prabhas plays in a dual role as Baahubali and Shivudu, while Rana plays Ballala Deva. Lead actress Anushka Shetty will be seen as Deva Sena and Tamannaah acting as Avanthika.This movie is reportedly being shot in Telugu and Tamil languages and will be dubbed to Hindi, Malyalam and few foreign languages.Currently production work is going on and getting ready to release all over the world.The official teasers, trailers and the pirated unedited videos which got leaked few days back has been creating a massive expectations for the film. It is clearly found that, the movie is matching all the Hollywood standards and the war sequences have made us memorize Hollywood sensational, 'Troy'
4 out of 9 

The movie is just not a movie to watch...its a movie with which Indian cinema can go into next level.To those who criticize the makers for not having the Hollywood class...i say....at starting during the 1980s- 1990s...Hollywood films had worst CGI/VFX works.With their new trials and trials only they could higher their standards of visuals and quality of movies.Therefore if Indian cinema puts effort for more movies like this,i can say for sure that our Indian cinema will cross the levels of Hollywood movies in just 5 to 10 years...on the whole....HATS OF TO BAAHUBALI AND TEAM!!!!!!I'm expecting more and more from your team!proud to be a Dravidian!
4 out of 9 

Bahubali: Disrespect to a movie by watching it at home The power of a story to capture its audience in a film is clearly depicted in Bahubali. The movie starts with a fall of water from the and the rise of a hand carrying Bahubali. Its a film which takes one on journey of perfect screenplay, camera work, visual effects, acting played by every actor and best in class direction. Every scene is captured so beautifully it makes you go WOW. The intensity of expression weather it be love, hatred, greed, ambition to reach to the top of the waterfall is depicted so well. The war scene at end is far away from stereotypical containing a few scenes which itself is like a story in movie story. Overall if a movie freak or camera man wishes to learn to capture their audience this movie is path to that road.
4 out of 9 

I am wondering if this is the beginning then what would be the end. A quick heads up for you, the movie is made in two parts and the next part will be out in 2016. Just can't wait! Anyways the point is the movie is Amazing and its a must watch. If your schedule is free and would like to spend time with friends or family then this movie should be on your schedule for some amazing action and something you would have never Imagined.I was bit skeptical about this movie to be very honest however the director has proved himself and he did some good work. Outstanding work to honest! He created a character called Bahubali and just took him to another level in making him an Indian Superhero.Its a must watch! :)
4 out of 9 

Amazing movie and truly awesome! I have been always watching Hollywood movies for such effects like Avatar, MI, 300 or 10000 BC. This is the first Indian movie to give such pleasure and feast for eyes which is comparable to Hollywood standards (of course we got few technicians from there too).Great entertainer and this movie will give you goosebumps at various places in the movie for the twists and turns. Presentation has always been the USP of south movies and special effects was just the icing on the cake.Great Job!
4 out of 9 

Tollywood's biggest hit ever. Some people are not understanding the movie logic and spreading false rumors, saying like slow movie, not much fights, story lags etc. For those people who are saying these words what I say is, there is a sequence of it so definitely everything cant show in one part and obviously we should not expect all great battles in the same part. Lets wait for Part 2 and then conclude on the movie. This movie is the best cinematography in Tollywood industry. Entire world is praising on this movie and our own Telugu people are criticizing it. My Conclusion is: This movie will stay forever and it is biggest hit in Tollywood's history.
4 out of 9 

hats of to the makers to make a movie so thrilling from the start to the end.... Thank you SS Rajamouli for making such an awesome movie which will earn a place alongside troy and 300...... just a humble request from a person who feels pity on those waiting fr the master print to be released in torrent or waiting to download it... Please don't spoil the experience of watching a myth movie like this in just 22 inch screen.... please watch it in theaters.... i guaranty its a movie which will swipe u off your feet... you'll be left baffled that its an Indian movie with such high standards...which can be only seen in Hollywood......
4 out of 9 

I watched Baahubali, its an epic and trend setter for Hollywood style of movie in India, in Baahubali everything was so big, sets, visuals & you can experience amazing on big screen, This type of films may come rare in India. Watch the big Baahubali on big screen to feel the Stunning visual treat to your eyes. Bollywood need to learn much from this movie. BaahuBali is the answer to all anti-Hindu Bollywood crooks .. That's why media don't cover it. It is the best ever & based on Hindu epic! Baahubali huge success showed there is huge audience for movies based on Hindu rulers so Bollywood please take note of this. Baahubali is a must watch for all Hindus..take your families n especially kids to watch this film to experience a pure Hindu/Indian story!! Bahubali proves at last v got a Hindu demi screen god who can take on Khans, hat's off to Prabas n Raja Mouli SkillIndia
4 out of 9 

The way the pre-production work, story writing, characterization has been done is never seen before. The way director presented his visual world is simply amazing and way ahead of the time for an Indian movie.This will definitely give confidence for aspiring and passionate movie makers to risk higher budges not for star dumb but for the actual grand movie production.This also prove that an effective visual presentation without compromise will be appreciated by Indian audience even though the plot is old as long as the moral is the base.I hope with this movie, rajamouli will inspire more cinema people to passionaltely make movies and may Indian cinema reach new benchmarks with new jonours and entertain us.
4 out of 9 

https://mixingsound.wordpress.com/2015/07/11/baahubali-mix-review/Baahubali has been such an inspiring movie for me. In fact it was the only movie that I saw twice on the same day after Inception. So, this is the Mix guy's point of view. I have to admit I haven't watched it in Atmos and I am sure its experience will be multi fold. What I write is based on the Dolby 7.1 mix.The opening sequence is a beautifully mixed scene. From the beautiful lullaby to the way the song grows along with the amazing sequences on title. That was worth listening to. Handling water and waterfalls along with dialogs is a very difficult scene for any mix engineer. Its just because Water in so much width is exactly like white noise and has broadband spectrum leading to clashes. Juztin's take on it I would think is that once established, leave it to the visuals. Thats why when the score comes in and envelopes you, the water paves way to it. Once you leave that to reach Mahishmati, the ambiance slowly gives way to winds and drier sounds. The way the songs were handled were also something that should be talked about. The Shivuni song had the vocals all around so as to give the presence of the Omnipresent one Shiva as a praise. As I felt, this was the key to the underlying score of Baahubali in terms of chords and also what should be expected in the film. The song rises and leaves you in that state of power. Following that the Dheervara song was another gem. Although personally I would have loved the Guitars a bit more on the chorus when I heard it first, I realized that by the end of the song, when it grows on you, this is exactly what was done! Add to that the rhythms in surrounds, where the usual notion of not having percussions in surrounds was broken. We did it before in Bombay Velvet when Justin did the songs and he did it again! No fear, just good sound.On reaching Mahishmati, the way dialogs were handled were to be talked about. Very well balanced dialogue. But unfortunately, I wouldn't say the Telugu dub quality was up to the mark as it was distorted in many places. But here is how you distinguish a good mix. There still is the sense of the space, power and levels in it. That draws the line. The score placements were brilliantly done in the space. The surrounds were used mostly when the fronts were filled I felt. This gave a feel of wholeness to the mix.The Foley tones were really well done and a big mention to P.M. Satheesh for this. Him and Manoj M Goswami who were the designers on the film, assisted by Prathibha did a great job. The way the edits were done were also something that needs to be mentioned. Gokul Kr working on this for around 8 months or so simultaneously with Bombay Velvet, keeping in mind and focusing on the film is not a simple job and is no joke at all. Very impressed by the way the sounds were layered. Although as it went ahead towards the war, there could have been more space given. That may not be a singular fault as the lows may not have translated well in the theaters I saw. What ever is said, the rise and fall of the sound spectrum was beautiful.My only objection to having a song was the song Pachha Botesi between Shivudu and Avantika as it kind of broke the flow and I saw a lot of people suddenly looking into their phones or going off to the loo or simply shuffling in their seats. But that being said, the song that preceded it was a wonderful one in terms of visualizing and the composition. Although a bit more perfection in terms of the physics of the composition would have been good.Talking more about the sound, the effects that were done during the first sword fight between Kattappa and the Persian trader was something that was really cool. Moving away from the clichéd sword rings when ever there was an extended hold or a clash between the swords, it concentrated more on the weight of the sounds. The movements were also not with the ringy sounds that have been used so often after Hero was released. The scene that came later with Shivudu and Kattappa it was not gory as it could have been, but became a mark of a stance taken by the character where he has no mercy to the unjust. Here the rise of the score and the way it was played with was what made the impact. I have personally felt that nothing can move us the way music can. No amount of ambiance design, effects, dialog Foley can do what a string section can achieve. Kudos to the team in showing that.Honestly, it is not without its VFX rendering flaws, script flaws etc. Yet, its grandeur is big enough to cover all that. I bow to you Rajamouli Sir. I don't even want to imagine what comes in part 2 as I know I wont reach even 1/10th of your scale of thoughts!
4 out of 9 

‪Baahubali‬ in one word is a ‪EPIC‬!!! The films visuals, the grand scale, the VFX, is something never seen in Indian cinema history. The genius behind such a classic is SS Rajmouli, his resume speaks for itself, but with this film he has proved that he is India's best director, and the true answer to Hollywood blockbusters like 300, and even films like the Lord of the Rings.Starting off, the story of BAHUBALI follows the life of Sivudu (Prabhas) who lives a rather solitary life all but cut off from the rest of civilization. Smuggled from his kingdom and raised by Sivagami (Ramya Krishnan) in a different tribe, Sivudu fills his days scaling mountains and their likes, unaware of his noble lineage. One fateful day Sivudu encounters Avanthika (Tamannaah Bhatia) who is a master assassin from a rebel group that intends on crushing King Bhallala Deva (Rana Daggubatti) of Mahishpati and rescuing Devasana (Anushka Shetty). However despite Shivudu understanding nothing of it, he decides to assist the rebels in their cause since he is smitten by the stunning Avantika who tells him that she is sworn to protect Devasana, who is none other than late King Amarendra Bahubali's wife, Sivudu's mother and also Bhallala Deva's sister-in-law. Setting off on his journey to fulfill Avantika's duty, Sivudu moves towards fulfilling his own destiny as BAHUBALI and in process setting in motion a series of events that lead to the second chapter.Rajamouli's magnum opus has been designed on a very high scale, be it its production design, visual appeal, background score or narration. The war sequences shot in the movie have feel of Mahabharata (Even Rajamouli has mentioned in the media during his interviews that he was highly inspired from the epic Mahabharata). Some awe- inspiring visuals gave me goosebumps, especially magnificent waterfall shots and palaces.Overall words cant describe this epic, its need to be seen to believed. Its India's best technically made film. The VFX, the action, the scale is the best ever seen on the Indian screen. Its truly path breaking.Indian cinema will now be know as before and after Baahubali. Take a bow SS Rajmouli we can see what took 3 years to make!!! The last frame of this movie definitely makes one look forward to its ‪second part‬ releasing in 2016.☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆ 10/10 from me !!
4 out of 9 

First time I saw the movie i was going with the hype surrounded and i was more focused on the graphics and pointing the flaws and could not enjoy the actual content until i saw the movie for the second time, that is when i enjoyed the movie more as i was able to connect to the actual content and less focused on graphics. I believe any one who are disappointed with the movie should check it out another time to connect to the move. Not denying of some gravity defying moments but overall it is a treat to watch this movie. Yes the movie ends suddenly and many felt that and gave poor ratings because of that as they were left unsatisfied with out know whole story. This happened to me when I first watch LOTR first and seconds parts.I give 10/10.Go watch the movie with less expectations.
4 out of 9 

This movie has just made me crazy... Loved it... ultimate... no word can describe how awesome the movie is... loved it... Prabhas ... I became your fan...The story, characters in the story, the way it is choreographed... everything is just simply superbthis movie is definitely gonna run in my mind for many days.. I will watch it at least 5 or 6 times in theater :)waiting for the second part eagerly.. cant wait either.. so anxiousI think everyone's hard work has paid off... All my friends loved the movie.. I recommend everyone to watch it on the big screens... with all screen and sound effectsLoved it.. love it :)
4 out of 9 

This movie brings back rich memories of some of the great Indian mythological movies made several decades ago. Indian film industry since then has become hugely commercial with little risk taking; and has largely stayed away from such subjects for a long time, until now. SS Rajamouli's Baahubali is an Indian mythological story of epic proportions with larger than life characters, told on a massive scale. It may go down as a classic in years from now.This film is made with such high technical values, it just doesn't seem like a regular Telugu or Indian movie. It screams of international appeal in visual quality, narration and content and seemingly narrows the language barrier with great visual storytelling.The visuals are stunning and memorable and never before seen in an Indian film. For this reason alone it's worth a watch. And the fact that they've been created in a film whose total budget is $40 million is an incredible achievement. It speaks volumes of the local technical capabilities and the film maker's understanding of VFX value and wisdom to where and how to use it to complement his storytelling.The casting is perfect; acting is top notch and the actors deliver their lines with so much intensity. Prabhas plays the protagonist role perfectly and combined with his physique and charm, it's hard to imagine any other actor who'd have better suited the title role.Another highlight of this film is it's music and background soundtrack by veteran music composer MM Keeravani. The songs are wonderfully composed and very well rendered. The rich and poetic lyrics in the telugu version at least is such a great pleasure to listen to considering the filth that is put out in other films. The Sanskrit phrases sung in a few scenes simply elevates them to a whole different level giving them so much significance in context. Keeravani's background sounds for war action sequences are haunting and deliver serious emotional punch while completely engrossing the viewers in on screen action and making it memorable. It honestly feels better than the work of Hans Zimmers in The Last Samurai or Gladiator.Baahubali's every scene reveals the intense passion with which Rajamouli makes his films. His fearless imagination and courage to make something this herculean on a massive scale and execute it magnificently on the screen, is hugely admirable and makes one wonder what he'd create if he'd the budget of a Hollywood movie at his disposal. His growth as a filmmaker has been exponential. Every successive movie of his has been a vast improvement over its predecessor. His movies are top notch in production values, regardless of the nature, he consistently extracts excellent performances from his actors. His movies are high on emotional quotient and he has this unique ability to give the viewer an emotional high every 20 mins of the movie someway or the other. His gripping storytelling abilities are unparalleled currently in the Indian film industry. His screenplays are deeply engaging and his abilityto handle complex projects and execute them perfectly to deliver all round entertainment is rare. He excels in all the departments. Simply put, he has no competition in the industry today.Baahubali sets a new benchmark of filmmaking in India, which in recent decades hasn't been too high to go past. Indian films have generally lacked novelty and revolve largely around an actor or two rather than containing solid story lines and writing. Baahubali is a standout in that regard, where an epic story brilliantly told rises above its actors. It deserves all the applause and success it can gather and much more. It is a treat for true cinema goers. Buoyed by the huge success that this film has already achieved and will, only Rajamouli can imagine what new benchmarks he'll set with the next one.
4 out of 9 

An Epic --- Beginning --- to an extravaganza.I'm speechless, A Tremendous Beginning!Every minute of the movie is an experience with an Interesting story, Grand Visuals and scores, great characters and top notch performances by Casts. All credits to one and only mastermind Sir SS Rajamouli. Goosebumps throughout the movie!Electrifying performance by Prabhas (I wonder Rebel Star, what they are gonna name you after this).Tightly scripted the characters come to life - you sense the actors have become the characters they portray! For me this film Brings new meaning to the word 'epic'
4 out of 9 

This movie is not a epic move that many people says. this is an non sense Tamil movie . ti contains only non sense drama fight. Acting is average. things i like is tammana skin show. Gora badan. music is too bad i think no one like such music. direction is so bad I ever watch . I don't know why public watch this bad movie . there is no story in this movie. no entertainment done by watching this bad movie. i just only say that Tamil people can not make a good movie. they make only fight in their movies.Rama Rajamouli's costumes added the VFX by V Srinivas Mohan has dragged every inch of attention of the viewers. It is surely going to be jaw- dropping for the ones who haven't caught the sight of the so called Baahubali yet.
8 out of 23 

#Baahubali a must watch movie. Some ppl r saying first off is slow. ..but ppl who watch English movies like Lord of the rings, 300 & all its the same. Watch it as a English movie with Indian emotions that will make the difference.Let the characters & their relations get introduced first. How can we expect fighting scenes or complete entertainment from the beginning, its an epic movie, the gaps cant be filled with comedy scenes like we see in our regional movies. Do we want him to see climbing the mountain directly in the first attempt of climbing scene ? and more surprised to see some ppl commenting respect physics. Bhai Chinese movies ke scenes mein aapko kaun sa physics dikha ?Of course there are flaws but no movie nor anything can be 100% perfect. Lets remember its a first attempt from any Indian director to make such a big Epic movie.Lets appreciate that. #ssrajamouli #ranadaggubati #prabhas #ramyakrishnan #tammanah & many more. Amazing ending with one simple line of quality of a king : simple but yet much effective one & a one good twist to close Part 1.
3 out of 6 

Baahubali made me 'feel' the meaning of the words "Being speechless". Any great amounts praise to the film would not be enough. Such a fine masterpiece. Hatsoff to every technician involved in the making of movie. They have put every drop of their life in sculpturing the movie. The epic art work of the movie just made me emotional and roll down into tears at many scenes. Every scene is 100%. This more of an art than a movie and proved movie is also an art when perceived well. Such movies are like energy to our souls. Relations,romance,love,hatred,war,jealous, hunger for revenge,bravery, determination and so on, every depiction is excellent. The dynamism of Ramyakrishna gaaru as kings mother, Loyality of Satyaraj gaaru as King's brave slave warrior, Cunningness in Nasar gaaru's role, Hunger for revenge in Anushka's role, Fierceness in tamannah's role Love and emotions of shivudu's role and Super brave,super tactical,most powerful and patriotic Prabhas role as Baahubali And equivalent equivalent personality role of Rana gaaru to Baahubali in a negative role- everything is highly balanced and highly convincing. The use of Sanskrit slokas in the background music is awesome. The depiction of war strategies can make the Hollywood feel jealous and equally admiring and loving. Never seen such an awesome war strategy with such a clarity. It brought a new level to world cinema. SS Rajmouli gaaru is one of the biggest gift of world cinema to us. He made us proud. :-) Not only the director every crew member of the movie is to be equally praised in large amounts. Keeravani gaaru,Cyril gaaru,kotagiri Venkataeshwar rao gaaru,vijayendra Prasad gaaru,ramaa gaaru, peter Haynes and the awesome producers etc., The movie is a must watch in lifetime movie.
3 out of 6 

I deliberately feel glad to give a review for the first time on IMDb. Forgive me, I want to jump from a professional to a fan boy for a little while to give this review. Talking about baahubali, I appreciate director SS Rajamouli & his team for carving out the visual effects for making it a sheer watching experience.The battle scenes also were very impressively done. They looked and sounded real. The movie integrated with good sceneries and visual treats made appealing to the eye of audience. The music rendered by MM Keeravani was good enough and camera work was outstanding. Even though the VFX effects are little bit poor in the later parts i.e in mahishmati kingdom, the scenes appeared to be somewhat realistic. Firstly, I feel proud for making such a visual treat to our Indians which can be comparitively competitive to 1500 crores of movie AVATAR. I'm glad to say that, our director gave his 200%/100% best beyond the budget financed for this movie.Coming to the roles played by various artist. I'm quite impressed by the acting of RamyaKrishna garu. She literally gave us goosebumps. Nazar garu action was stunning who disguised himself so cunningly that I failed to expect him in such a way. Rana was outstanding, I personally believe the heroic image behind the image baahubali was not well outshined. Perhaps, that is how the fantasy movie shows and works for the second part.To encapsulate, the movie is extremely good and it is lived upto the mark. It's gonna be prodigious in Indian film industry for certain.
3 out of 6 

I have recently watched Bahubali. It is a great film in Indian History. But there is some issue. 1. In the War, soldiers are flying in the air too much. 2. By the rotating front blade of Chariot Men are threw in the air instead of Slicing down. 3. I have seen two subsidiary teeth in the mouth of teen Bahubali which I can't find in young Bahubali. 4. VFX is too good in the scene of Bull Fighting. 5. I don't understand why two princes were act as spy for some time and they were dancing in a item song. A prince never work as a spy. 9. Costumes may be more good. Even the costumes of Star Plus Mahabharata TV series is more good. I think these will be corrected in next Bahubali
3 out of 6 

Idiot movie...South Indians has no brains to make movies but only money to waste Stupid CG......... we are in the age of GOT....no storyline, clownish hero....waste of time.... couldn't able to finish this waste.And finally... what happened to IMDb to give it 9.5 rating?I seriously doubt on this site when I always see movies after trusting their ratings.... I mean 9.5 stars!!!!!!!!!!Even Indian newspapers have given them 3 out of 5....Such a disappointment from IMDb ...
22 out of 81 

Director Mr. S.S.Rajamouli's is brilliant in visualization and presentation of graphics. His work is good. Story offers nothing new. Again, revenge drama in some old kingdom era. Screenplay is fine and offers something fresh. Graphics are breathtaking and mesmerizing. Hats off to the graphics team. Every frame is rich. In love sequences color combination in frame make it worth watching. It gives proud feeling that Indian graphics teams are no lesser than International standards. They could have taken extra advantage in screenplay due to support of graphics but they tried to make it logical whenever it was possible. First half is entertaining and engaging but in second half you exactly know that what has happened but film started showing you the thing that how it had happened, which makes the film predictable. You know the results. Yes visually its very rich, especially the war sequences but it's lengthy. Second half is just for glorifying the graphics but lacks its engaging value drastically. I was not ready to spend my second half time on such long flashback which results, I was aware of. When, climax came, I was shocked that they have unnecessary stretched the second half for its next part. I was expecting some film stuff not any episodic serial that you have to wait for next episode to complete the story. It was irritating for me. Performance wise Tamannaah Bhatia as Avantika is superb. She is damn perfect in every frame. Satyaraj as Kattappa is impressive. Rest are OK. Music wise it has typical South Indian flavor. I could not enjoy any one. I always wish that any South Indian film, which wants to cater Hindi audiences too, should make different music keeping them in mind.
33 out of 134 

This movie is milestone for Indian movie this is THE BEST MOVIE of ALL TIME in Indian cinema. Salute to Director for his Visionary Direction Awesome piece of art. All Actors have performed vary well and justified their character very well. Prabhas is awesome with Tamanna Bhatia and Anishka.This movie is way better than what we expected. All People Have done their job at their best.Design of this movie the art work is exceptional. Yes this movie is that good that you can call it Indian Lord of the rings(Not the story but characters and Visual Effects and etc.).This Movie will set new Standards for Indian Cinema Waiting for the 2nd part. A must watch for all people.A Great Thankx to Karan Johar And S.S Rajamouli for Bringing this to Us.
5 out of 13 

baahubali is nice compared with Indian films. But it is not so good as Lord of Rings which is an great Film. PLUS POINTS: *rajamouli's direction is Flawless. *Every individual scene was so good. *Background music raised the film to peaks. *Waterfalls scene was special Rana,Prabhas performances were nice and their dialogue delivery is too good.Some logics(few) are missing in the movie which is quite common in all telugu films.MINUS POINTS: *tamannah's personality suits for romance but didn't suit for war scenes. *Some lag in the first half.There can be some additional dialogues and some good fighting scenes before last fight.
5 out of 13 

Seriously, I watched the first day first show. This should be rated a two for the movie itself. Only the Visual effects and Sound effects are great. This will be great for Prabhas fans and for those who want to see more skin of Thamanna.Yes Acting wise Prabas, Anuska and Satyaraj and last but not the least Ramya Krishna did a great job to their character. But the second half fighting took nearly 1 Hour and the story ended stating that we have to wait for 2016. Crap. I hated that. I feel Movie is a three hour of time pass from hectic life we all have and not something to take and keep for one year. If I ware to rate this move it will be a two star for the effects.Don't waste time and money.
25 out of 101 

This movie had kept an expectation of very huge hit film . But when it came to screen it was typically like a Telugu movie with all the stuffs people over there need. No story and animation was gud for first half but in second half it was not too good. You can watch this movie like a comedy movie.Story starts when the film is gonna finish.The movie starts very nicely starting with Ramya Krishnan on screen, she,sathya raj and Rana acted very well.Tamanna was waste for the film it was like to extend the movie length to almost 3 hours they used her and 2 songs . Fights and all are very exaggerated , they tried to imitiate Hollywood movies in second half but that didn't work.If you are not a telugu guy please think twice before watching this.
12 out of 42 

First of all Kudos to Rajamouli and his team for their sincere and hard work in creating the cinema of India. Let us get into details.Story: As with all Rajamouli's previous films the story isn't great or new, so let's skip this part.Ramyakrishna as Shivagami: You must be wondering why I am mentioning her role first because of all the characters in the movie the one which blown me out was Shivagami. Be it her expressions, dialogue delivery or the way she walks and fights, ramyakrishna was simply superb.Satyaraj as Kattappa: Second to Shivagami this is the most well played character. Satyaraj sir was simply awesome. Even at his age he competed with Prabhas and Rana in action sequences. In movie scene where Prabhas puts his leg on Kattappa's head I think most of the so called senior actors wouldn't have accepted to do this scene which shows satyaraj's dedication.Prabhas as Bahubali and Shivudu: I must appreciate Prabhas for his dedication and transformation he had undergone to suit for the dual roles he played in the movie. He was good at action scenes but I felt dialogue delivery was not that great (could be due to pathetic dialogs).Rana as Bhallala Deva: Same goes for Rana. I felt Rana is the perfect choice for this role with his demonic expressions and body language.Anushka as Devasena: Though her screen presence is very limited Anushka was as usual great at expressions and body language. Waiting to see her full pledged role in 2nd part.Tamannah as Avantika: She looks gorgeous in introduction song. She was good and up to her role limitations.Nazar as Bijaladeva: Nazar has very little to play so no comments but this is not the role for Nazar.Tanikella Bharani role was not requiredRohini was good as Mother of Shivudu with her expressions and apt acting for a tribal ladyAdivi Seshu : He don't have anything to play except for getting killed by Prabhas and his makeup doesn't suite the role he playedRest of the actors were acted up to their character limitsSabu Cyril: Be it art work or war machines design or anything related to art Sabu Cyril has given his best which played a vital role in movie's visuals. Indian cinema needs art directors like Sabu, waiting to see more of his work in 2nd part.V Srinivasa Mohan: Whatever directions visualizes it comes to reality only when the visual part is handled by right guy and Mohan done that job to the maximum he can within the limits of budget and resources. Visuals are the best till date in Indian cinema though there is still needs to be improved.M.M.Keeravani: Songs were okay okay. But for a movie like Bahubali background score plays a vital role which was not handled well I feel. Usually Keeravani gives his best for Rajamouli movies to elevate scenes which is missing in this movie. Hope it will be better for 2nd part.Senthil: Cinematographer is the director's eye and senthil has done his job perfectly.Rajamouli: He had concentrated more on visuals than narration and screenplay which used to be the strong points in his movies. Characterizations were not built properly and emotions were underplayed. Love track between lead pair seems dramatic. He should have employed a better dialogue writer which seriously effected character's capabilities. Coming to visualizing such a large kingdom and presenting it perfectly was his career best. Without director's vision none of the above mentioned stuff will not come into reality and for that we must appreciate Rajamouli. At some places he has given up logic to present heroism at peaks which was not good. I felt they have designed characters individually well but connecting those characters has gone for a toss.Costumes: Not apt for a movie like Bahubali but good at some places.Overall a must watch movie
4 out of 10 

For those who find fault in storytelling; ask them to tell a story to you first!YES! Storytelling is an art perfected by very few in the planet; not every person can do that! SS Rajamouli has done that with aplomb in BaahubaliMAN for time immemorial; has fought with his peers for supremacy! It's in his genes; the movie is awesome n breathtaking not only for the visuals BUT for this core concept (GOOD v/s EVIL)The sheer grandeur and scale of the movie makes your jaws-drop!! Hats off to Prabhas for living king-size; Rana Daggubati for ferociousness; Ramya Krishnan's histrionics; Satyaraj, Nasser - seniors with method performances; Tamannah & Anushka for playing their 'roles' well...Time well spent n 100% paisa vasool!! Can't wait until 2016 smile emoticonPS: Was I able to 'grip' you with this short synopsis? NO no?? I told you; all can't tell a story...
4 out of 10 

Well, Watch it without high expectations and you will certainly love the movie.Since it is a first of its kind for Indian Cinema, Director SS Rajamouli and the Baahubali team did a fantastic job. He opened the gates for Indian Comics to get into main stream movies just like Warner bros comic stories in the west.Film has visuals resembling Vikram Bethal in Chandamama Novels which are famous in India.Looks like lots of effort has gone into Visual Effects,Characterization and Innovative Ideas for War sequels. Much more effort was needed in the areas like dialogue writing, as I watched it in Telugu, the dialogue writer should have been more careful when the film is related to a period film. Some of the dialogues had words which have originated in the modern times, where such words are used by general public and certainly not expected in this film.The Story lacks the grip as it does not have much suspense. Audience can expect the next scene and it should not have been the case that they sit only to see the Visual Effects. A Strong plot would have taken this film to a whole new level.Finally, since it is a naive attempt after a long time in Indian Cinema, it is a must watch.Congratulations to Baahubali Team.
4 out of 10 

Got goosebumps for every scene of the character Shivagami.Only at 3 places the CGI can be spotted. Story is average but the visual effects has made it great. Shivudu as a lover didn't impress but as a warrior, he's up to the mark. There was no place for comedy in the story but some scenes had a light touch of humor in them. It looked like the screen wasn't heavy enough. The BGM of MM Keeravani gave an add on to the movie. An item song in the second half looked like it wasn't necessary but it has also gave an add on. Bhalladeva has his intensity in the first half but became a bit dull in the flash back. Kattappa's costume was meant to make him look like a heavily build person but it was clearly visible that he isn't. The end wasn't good. Rajamouli shouldn't had kept the title Baahubali the conclusion. Otherwise it might had a decent ending. Finally this movie is the pride of Indian cinema and will take the Indian cinema to Hollywood level.
4 out of 10 

I thoroughly enjoyed it. :) It will be visually stunning.. perhaps 1st time great use of CGI in Indian Cinema. I always wanted S. S. Rajamouli to get a flop so that his ego goes down remarkably. But now I think he deserves every bit of it. :p Pure Indian culture showing big palaces, elephants, horses.. Indian costumes, war plans, swords and weapons.. Totally a proud Indian film! Those war scenes will make you GOOSEBUMPS!! Jaw-dropping, VFX Spectacle is worth watching.. However, in case of story telling it has nothing to offer as it has a beaten to death revenge drama as its plot. Its not something extraordinary if you judge it by the story but the VFX work is really good specially The Battle Scene. Now, The VFX lacks details at some places and some scenes look very fake but it is amazing when you consider the budget ($40 mn.) You should watch it to see how far we have come. Also, SS Rajamouli took a big risk, we should at least pay him back. Because if this film doesn't make profit, no one in the future will take risks and we will have to watch the same crap that Bollywood has been producing for years now. Overall... It's a visual treat for us. Rajamouli explained us "what is ostentation?" and "what is necessary?" in film industry. Eagerly waiting for the next part..
5 out of 14 

Its the most overrated movie. It does deserve about 6 out of 10 but giving 1 because others rated 10 out of 10. This movie is fun to watch but nothing more that. People have been rating 10 because they haven't watched enough English movies or koreans/Chinese. Awful acting by Tamannah and Songs made no sense.
3 out of 7 

A cheap copy of Game of Thrones. CGI look like a cheap video game and the same old shitty story. Yes Hero, who should be the most handsome guy with super human qualities of Hollywood superheroes combined. and yes a love story and a few songs. These South Indian Directors and Actors need some serious lectures on how Physics work.
3 out of 7 

If doesn't adds to your stars if you have watched 300, 300-2, Gladiator but not watched this Indian epic.Bahubali is a historical epic which makes you to travel along rich Indian heritage, politics and art of war. These movie has a ensemble cast who truly justify their characters with their brilliant acting. The VFX graphics are superb. The fighting scene during the war is detailed in such a way that we feel that we ourselves are in the middle of this war.This is such a movie which makes every Indian proud. Surely this movie has reached a milestone in history of Indian cinema.So full 10 on 10 stars and hats off to all the crew and makers of the movie. I am eagerly waiting for its second part in 2016.
3 out of 7 

Bahubali is a comic book story based on life and times of the King Amarendra Bahubali during 9th century AD in India. The comic book story is made into a movie by Rajamouli over the period of 3 years. The attention to details in the movie is great. In the first few minutes of the movie, I was completely into it. But the last war scene is what I was completely engaged.The technical standards interms of screenplay, editing, background score are on par with any Hollywood movie. This movie can easily be compared with the movies like Gladiator, Spartacus, 300, Ben-Hur.I must mention the brilliant score given by Keeravani without which the movie would not feel how it is supposed to. I was thinking A.R. Rahman would have been the ideal choice for this movie but after watching the movie, I thought I was wrong. Keeravani is the ideal choice as he can only work closely with the director Rajamouli and spent a lot of time discussing the themes of music for each character & each situation.Acting wise Prabhas and Rana has done very good job. Anushka appeals in a deglamorized role though she would appear in it's sequel as glamarized role as Thamanna is impressive in both glamarized as well as deglamarized roles at the same time in this part of the move. Director Ramamouli has done a fantastic job in translating the story to screen both realistically and grandly. The use of CGI are very apt.Mainly, it's the preproduction work that took almost 1 year that mattered when it come to actual execution. The screenplay is written in such a way that the suspense is held in the first part and is going to be revealed in the second part. All in all the movie is an extrordinary experience.I would give 9 out of 10.
3 out of 7 

I was waiting for this film and I was not disappointed. If a person is bit of into movies, I am sure that person heard about Baahubali couple of years back. Background score is simply awesome and as usual Rajamouli makes best use of the music for his sets. Visuals are good. All characters did their part. Cannot name anyone particularly. I liked the character of Kattapa most. The sound effects are haunting, pleasing and give you goosebumps at the same time. Anushka had an extended cameo but did perform commendably well, special applause to her expressions. Special mention to Ramya Krishna madame, she was at her best! Katappa will blow your mind with his characteristics and Sathya Raj does 100% justice to it. I will be watching the movie at least one more time. Hope y'all enjoy it.
3 out of 7 

I would not rate this movie a 10/10. Nothing is perfect. So, I would reduce 1 point just for the heck of it. I enjoyed the movie very much. Great story. Great special effects and locales for a Telugu movie. I wonder where the movie was shot. The battle scenes were awesome It had my attention throughout and I never felt that the movie was dragging. Not many Telugu movies can boast of that. a well taken risk by the Producers considering they had spent around 200 crores to make a Telugu movie. Great cast and very good acting. Hopefully, this is a precursor for well thought out and good story line movies. Loved it and eagerly waiting for Part 2 Kudos.
3 out of 7 

It will be an inspiration for young Indian filmmakers for decades. Why? It accomplishes great storytelling, outstanding sensory reinforcement from special effects, music, photography, ambiance and editing, strong acting while retaining quite a bit of the classical aspects of Indian movies to set it apart from global movies. I am talking about it being a musical, which is utilized deliciously to symbolize critical elements of the epic such as the ethereal summoning of the true king in inadvertent exile, the wild spirit of Bahubali, the daredevil feel of the ghetto etc. There are some elements that did not bode well, some come from exaggerated special effects, some reeking of scenes exuding patriarchal insensitivity towards women. But, these are overshadowed by the masterful and imaginative manner of bringing the characters and each moment to palpable vibrance.
3 out of 7 

S.S. Rajamauli is one of the finest director from the south. And I think this movie is the finest film from the south I've ever scene. The characterization, the concept, the storyline, sets, costumes, effects, entertaining value - these all are the major plus points of the epic movie Bahubali. Every single person I've met before the movie in the mall, was saying just one word 'Jordar'. As the film starts, I completely attached with the film. Every single illogical moment was becoming touchy. Though, I couldn't control myself in every songs, I was just laughing as those were the dubbed songs. In the film, three times the name Bahubali has been displayed, and every time I was like Woooh! Every single viewer has surely got a surprise kick in the end. Katappa is my favorite character. And I'm totally surprised in the end with the great curiosity as the part two will come with many answers which were untold in this part. Eagerly waiting for the second part. The main drawback of this movie is its romantic track. These are the parts where the Gujarati viewers may feel sleepy. But, the last 30 minutes war sequence is the biggest plus point. You will surely find some noise out there while Rana's chariot comes to the screen. I am still stuck in the film, as I can't describe here much. Forget about acting, direction and other technical aspects, the daring of the makers to make this movie on a very very big scale, and releasing in two parts, with the budget of 250cr, is the biggest risk. And I salute every person who is a part of it, especially Rajamauli. In future, people may recall and say that I've watched Bahubali in theater. And this sentence will make the viewer proud. Those who are skipping this, I call them mental, because in 2016, they will go for Bahubali 2 and as they don't understand it, then they will download the first part to watch. This is going to be happen, I'm 100% sure. This is real Chutzpah! I request you all to go to watch this in theater. This film is earning very good amount. And as the popularity among the viewers increases day by day, I'm worried. I'm thinking of the future, when the part two will release. What will happen then at the Box-Office! If you want one movie in your list that make you proud after watching, then just close your eyes, take deep breathe and go for it!!!
3 out of 7 

This is the first movie out of India where the makers have taken cinematic experience to another level. They have indulge in constructing out of the world scenes, which are visual treats. This is the first time an Indian movie has transcended across language barriers, made us believe in our common lineage. An original story - created reverence for its characters through its narrative. An age where women were as powerful as men, considered equal in tact of wars and politics as well. We need such movies to change thinking of society which is embedded in crooning over useless love stories and badly acted films of so called superstars. We need to remember our culture for good and the cinema industry need to demonstrate such brilliance more often.
3 out of 7 

Great directional control, amazing cinematography, beautiful story, mind blowing imagination, great piece of acting are making BAHUBALI not just an unique great movie.......but it is a saga of how the combined efforts of a group of people can create history and provide the valuable asset to the mankind........No man who is an appreciator of art and technology can deny the beautiful beauty of the movie.Beautiful showpiece which gives us glimpse of Indian culture. This movie proves that culture and technology need not go in opposite direction. Therefore all Indians must feel proud to this masterpiece.....I am not being paid to write this review and thus it is my advice to readers to watch this movie for sure.
3 out of 7 

A film made on such a huge scale could've suffered any of three sins: bad graphics (come on, it's an Indian movie), too much action (come on, it's a Telugu made movie), and being mind-bendingly unrealistic. Baahubali somehow manages to avoid all these to prove itself to be a class act.The visuals are super stunning throughout, though supplemented by CGI (computer graphics imagery). The action is spot-on and is one of the prime forces that make baahubali such an epic. Baahubali is aided by great acting and an intriguing story that keeps you interested till the end.Baahubali goes from showing off its graphics in the 1st half, to more story and killer action in the 2nd. The movie keeps you interested enough for the 2nd part (i.e pisses you off and leaves you hanging with a twist at the end)Verdict: Baahubali avoids being a victim of its own un-real hype, and is a masterpiece of Indian cinema. Baahubali is superb in all aspects and made for all kinds of moviegoers.
3 out of 7 

I don't want to conclude this review very short but I don't have enough words to describe this movie. Still I am writing some lines for this."THIS MOVIE IS EPIC" - Hollywood bewareFirstly I would request whoever is reading this review that don't watch this movie by downloading it on your Laptops or PCs. This movie is made to pay every worth your money in Audi and theaters. So please for the sake of this movie go and watch with cinematic effects in cinema halls.Now coming to the movie. I don't want to compare any movie like 300 or Troy or Magadheera which I think is of same standard to this one. And please don't compare some movies which were made 6-7 years ago with this one. The standards and quality of visuals have risen to great extent in these years.BAAHUBALI is made in two parts {BAAHUBALI - THE BEGINNING and BAAHUBALI - THE CONCLUSION}BAAHUBALI - THE BEGINNING starts with the birth of Baahubali in which the lady tries to save the child. The child then went into the hands of some Kabeelewale (early age people) and the story of Baahubali began.The start of the movie consists of enough visuals which is enough to describe this movie well.The main phase of the movie starts from the section where Prabhas (Baahubali) starts chasing Tamanna Bhatia near the Waterfall.The main effects and visuals came on the later half of the movie where Baahubali came to know about his real father, mother and his empire through a story where Baahubali was chosen as the King of the empire.The 45minutes "WAR" in the end of the movie is Super-Fantabulous.The rest will follow in the second and the last part of the movie i.e. BAAHUBALI - THE CONCLUSION.To be Honest - IF THIS IS EPIC I WONDER WHAT WILL HAPPEN IN THE 2ND PART COZ ACCORDING TO ME THE MAIN PARTS OF THE MOVIE ARE REMAINING WHERE BAAHUBALI(Prabhas) WILL FIGHT WITH BHALLALA DEV(Rana Daggubati).10/10 from my side....it even deserves 11 or 12 but I can give only this muchWAITING FOR THE SECOND PART TO COME.....TILL THEN BITING MY NAILS
3 out of 7 

From the beginning of the movie, it will take you to the new world of great visual effects that you might never seen before in an Indian cinemas. Prabhas with such a dynamic personality along with Rana makes you feel like real competitors for their performance. Rajamouli's creation of the set gives you the great feel for the later part of the movie. Tamannah and with a little cameo appearance as a heroin for the first part did well with her energy. MM keeravani sir background music is the Biggest advantage for the movie. Nasser,Satyaraj and Ramyakrishna with their getup's were really extraordinary. Making of the movie at the ice mountains and the war field was incredible experience on the screen. This kind of visual effects will never experienced in any of the Indian cinemas so far. Must watch for all the audience and cinema lovers of India for the ultimate result like Bahubali. Climax scene of the movie is highly appreciated thing for the way they controlled so many people in the shooting period. Overall rating deserves 10 for its making and performance by the artists. Telugu movie standards now reached to another level.
3 out of 7 

S.S.Rajamouli has proved that for achieving great heights all you need is dream and ambition. The most expensive Indian film turns out to be a visual treat with extraordinary vfx and breathtaking camera-work. The snow-clad mountains, beautiful waterfalls and stark battleground were really praiseworthy. Among the performances all were good but Prabhas and Rana Daggubati stands out. Prabhas as Shiva is exceptional as the lead, hulking yet charming. Rana Daggubati as Bhalladeva is perfectly cast as the villain, his performance layered with subtlety and nuance. But the film belongs to one man, Rajamouli. He skilfully combines the crucial characters and their distinct motivations, adds awesome CGI to it and takes us on a 160 mins adventurous journey of love, hatred and war. Overall Bahubali is EPIC and a sure shot Blockbuster. The first part finishes on such a curious note that you wish the next part releases this year only.
3 out of 7 

A movie that should not be missed just for the sheer visual spectacular. This is a movie that is the definition of a Blockbuster Entertainer. Everything a movie fan will look for in a movie. I'm from Tamilnadu but got an opportunity to watch the Telugu version in Hyderabad. All the actors did justice to their parts but Ramya Krishnan stands out. Prabhas and Rana were great. Sathyaraj, Nasser and Rohini provided great support. Camera work, sound effects and CGI pushed the envelope of Indian standards.The theater was awesome and so was audio in the theater at PVR Forum Mall. All in all it was a great movie watching experience. Please go see it in theater.
3 out of 7 

The tittle is enough said. The master piece Epic and can't wait for the concluding 2nd part. The CGI effects are brilliant, at par with the international standard. The movie has crossed 1.6 Billion in 3 days alone worldwide and even foreign media is all praises for the movie. Excellent work by Rajamouli for giving yet another block buster. The god of all movies yet. Just can't stop praising this work, absolutely beautiful. The storyline and director's imagination, hat's off. Beautiful acting by everyone, including the supporting roles. I could watch this movie for more than 10 times. Dubbing into Hindi language was good as well. Perfect lip syncing unlike many others done in Bollywood.Must must must watch!
3 out of 7 

The movie resembles Indian mythology and Indian culture.The story of a child being abandoned in the river by his mother is that of Karna, a character in the Mahabharata. Similarly, the feats of superhuman strength and adventures in the jungle could well be inspired by Hanuman, a Hindu god in the Ramayana.Prabhas had completely dedicated his time to this movie and he looks really like a King,I couldn't take my eyes off him. I must appreciate Prabhas for his dedication and transformation he had undergone to suit for the dual roles he played in the movie. He was good at action scenes but I felt still his dialogue delivery has to be improved(could be due to pathetic dialogs).Prabhas as Bahubali brings alive his character in an innocent manner and with his charismatic energy.Rana is the perfect choice for this role with his demonic expressions and body language. Ramya Krishna simply the best in the movie.I would say Baahubali is not only a feast for hungry Prabhas fans, its a film for every TFI fan.For those who haven't watched it yet, no matter how big your expectations are,bahubali reaches it.For the moment, kudos to Rajmouli for producing a well made fantasy and set benchmark in the field of visual effects in Indian cinema. Can't wait for the next one!
3 out of 7 

Bahubali, directed by SS Rajamouli, is a big, sweeping epic that runs for close to 2 hours and 40 minutes. Spanning generations, going back and forth between the present and the past, alternating between vastly contrasting landscapes, it's an ambitious work from a visionary filmmaker who skillfully blends a tale of old school palace politics with modern VFX to deliver a consistently watchable blockbuster.Smuggled out of the kingdom of Mahishmati as a baby and raised by tribals in a village located at the foot of a waterfall, Shiva (Telugu star Prabhas) is the Bahubali of the film's title, a human with god-like strength and valor. After repeated attempts to scale the mountains and climb up to the top of the waterfall, Shiva finally achieves his goal, only to encounter Avanthika (Tamannah), a female warrior and member of a rebel group.Their frankly silly romantic track - in which he distracts her with a snake while tattooing her shoulder, or undresses her systematically while giving her a makeover - is the weakest link in the film, stretching out an already overlong first half. Avanthika leads Shiva to his destiny beyond the walls of Mahishmati, where despotic king Bhallal Dev (Rana Dagubatti) is installing a 50-foot gold statue of himself.Rajamouli gives us a terrific interval point, and the film moves briskly in its second half, when it goes into flashback mode to reveal a familiar story of family conflict within the royal household, and Shiva's true identity. The piece de resistance of the film is a roughly 30-minute war sequence achieved through a combination of special effects and thrilling in-camera shots. You're riveted by the action, and by the drama that unfolds on the battlefield, leading to an explosive finale. Prabhas and Rana, each flexing his tree trunk-sized biceps, puts up a great show.Save for a few unconvincing bits, including an escape from an oncoming avalanche that looks completely fake, the VFX in Bahubali are more sophisticated than what we've seen in most Indian films. Art director Sabu Cyril employs them niftily to give depth and scale to his magnificent sets, and cinematographer KK Senthil Kumar gives us beautiful vistas combining the real and the computer-generated more-or-less seamlessly.But the film's secret sauce is Rajamouli's expert handling of the simple but dependable screenplay, his ability to whip up rousing moments, and his skill at mining emotions from even clichéd scenarios. He is aided by an impressive cast who're at the top of their game, including Ramya Krishna as just queen Sivagami, and Sathyaraj as Katappa, loyal senapati of Mahishmati. Rana Dagubatti has a strong presence, and invokes fear by simply bulging those eyes. Prabhas lets his hulking physicality do the bulk of work for him, but brings much by way of performance through his sheer intensity.From the tropical landscapes of Avatar and the bloody battles of The Lord of The Rings films, to the images from the Mahabharata and the Ramayana that it evokes, Rajamouli's film hat-tips to its various influences without ever stealing from any. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed Bahubali given that I watched a Hindi dubbed version of the original Telugu film. Rajamouli is indeed a visual storyteller, and he brings the curtains down on this first part of his two-film saga with a curious cliffhanger. I can't wait for Part 2, which comes next year.I'm going with four out of five for Bahubali. It's exactly what a blockbuster should be. Hugely entertaining, without ever being dumb.
3 out of 7 

its an magnum opus from Rajamouli. Without some unwanted romance between Prabhas & Tammanah d movie could have been way better. the VFX Animation graphics were outstanding except in d scene were Prabhas removes an arrow from his chest d sound mixing was improper in dis scene.The unwanted song sequence in 2nd half in d bar THe Tamil dialogs from madhan karky was great at times & avg at rest of the places the war sequence was astonishingly JAW DROPPING. it was not even a bit bore and kept as at the edge of the seat A definitely a watch in theaters is required for this movie to support its crew for giving such a movie putting their whole hearted effort
3 out of 7 

A Simple story with a decent screenplay can give a highly grandeur experience due to fantastic execution- That's "Baahubali" for you. The hard-work of SS Rajamouli and his team of actors and technicians has literally translated into every frame. Though the story may appear "cliche" yet the charactization is the "best" among any recent telugu movie stories over this decade (Specially the women characters). I am sure this will be a trendsetter for Telugu cinema and should inspire/create a market for more "experimentational" yet commercially viable films.I agree each of us will have a different opinion about the movie. One may not like something but one need not insult the hardwork of this team by using "off-the-necessary" words while writing critical opinions..I don't know if this matches Hollywood standards,but by Indian standards this is "Definitely HIGH" !!
3 out of 7 

I've created an account today just to write a review. Also, this is my first review ever.***Please don't expect the film to be like Troy or Lord of the rings. The film definitely raised the Indian movie standards but you'll be wrong if you expect a Hollywood movie out of it.***The war scenes and the BGM were simply awesome and direction is the most important asset to this film.***A must watch film. Don't listen to anyone who says bad about it. I've seen many negative comments on fb and youtube. I don't understand when our film lovers get satisfied. *** I sincerely suggest you to go watch the movie and prove the directors we encourage such kind of experiments. If not, we'll be left with Prabhu Devas remakes and Rohit Shetty's routine movies. Think and promote.
3 out of 7 

James Cameron had his Avatar(2009). S.S. Rajamouli has his Baahubali(2015). No doubt both Avatar and Baahubali were the most expensive films utilizing the latest C.G.I.(Computer Generated Imagery), and sound effects, the films are dull in script and acting.Just watch the epics Ramayan and Mahabharata TV series, and then watch Baahubali. Then judge for yourself honestly, which is better. Nowadays Bollywood film industry are just churning out dull films because they are either copying Hollywood rejects or they have run out of ideas...Bollywood has a huge history of copying from Hollywood films. Who can blame them? They were the pioneers of the silver screen.Back to the film: In the ancient Kingdom of Mahishmati in India, Sivagami (Ramya Krishnan), carrying a baby in her arms, emerges from a cave directly next to a waterfall. She is being chased by soldiers. She kills the soldiers but falls into the river nearby. Knowing that she can't be saved, she makes the ultimate sacrifice, her own life, to save the baby. She holds her hand and the child above water, while she drowns herself. A woman Sanga(Rohini) and her husband, part of a tribe living around the province of Mahismathi, save a drowning infant.To prevent anyone from coming for the baby, they seal the cave with a large rock. Sanga and her husband name the infant Shivudu and raise him as their own son. Later they find out that Shivudu is actually Mahendra Baahubali, the son of late king Amarendra Baahubali.The rest of the film deals with the animosity between cousins Amarendra Baahubali and Bhallala Deva / Palvaalthevan, whose father is Bijjala Deva / Pingaladevan (Nassar). They are both trained in all areas including warfare but both of them have different approach towards kingship. Amarendra Baahubali is liberal to everyone and loves his public and so the public love him but Bhallala Deva has tendency to achieve his goals with any means possible. When a war is waged by another Kingdom, they both are guided by Shivagami that whoever brings the head of the enemy Ruler will be rewarded as the New King.Watch the film to find out what happens next...Verdict: if you want a good time-pass film with great visuals and sound, watch this film at a cinema. If not, you can watch it at home, on phone, laptop, smart-TV or PC through the internet.Thanks for reading this review, may you live long and prosper.
4 out of 11 

I never had a thought of reviewing any film till now. By seeing the negative reviews in several sites...i felt to write my opinion on this spectacular movie.I don't want to spoil the fun by saying the plot. All i can say is...stay away from reviews. The visuals are outstanding. The war sequence will surely give u goose bumps. The whole movie was a visual feast and every frame was a portrait. There may be a lag of 5-10 min in the whole film including the item song in the second half. The performances of artists are descent except Tamanna, as i felt that she didn't fit in her role.Production values are lavish. The BGM will remind you the work of Hans Zimmer and James Horner. Keeravani triggered the movie to next level by his BGM.Action sequences are well executed and SSR banged the silver screen again,his hard work and passion towards this movie can be seen in every scene.Final Verdict: Go and live the EPIC
4 out of 11 

I really really enjoyed the movie. It's truly exceptional. There are very less Indian movies that makes movies like this. Characterizations are good and definitely meets their roles in the movie, especially bahubali, ballala deva and sivagami. Every Indian must be proud of this movies and it proves that we can take our movies to the next level and compete with the Hollywood movies. About the direction, SS Rajamouli has proved with his skill set and his way to project the things. Every scene is beautifully pictured(although you know the story, you still don't blink you eye). The music is not bad, but the background score is an advantage.
4 out of 11 

Baahubali - The Beginning is one of best movie created by S.S. Rajamouli. To create a land like Mahismathi director need to have a great vision and creativity. Some of sky shots of Mahismathi kingdom are great. First 20 to 30 minutes is enough to understand the dedication and effort of Baahubali team.This movie contains every thing needed by all type of Viewers, It has Emotion, Love, Action, Adventure and many more. Performance of actors is perfect to their roles especially Sivagami (Ramya Krishnan), Bhallala Deva (Rana Daggubati), Kattappa (Satyaraj) and Baahubhali or Sivudu (Prabhas).Baahubali - The Beginning movie contains unique story and emotion, it is not copy of Hollywood movies 300, Prince of Persia, Hercules, Troy or other movies.I feel there need to be little more effort in flow of the story and background music.Watch the movie and enjoy don't compare with another movies because the entire story is collection of two parts, this is the first part i.e The Beginning means only beginning and the second part i.e The Conclusion means the end that is going to be greater than this part. This scenario is common in any movie which was released in different parts (Ex: Lord of the Rings).
4 out of 11 

I have watched a movie after 5 years of GAP.My last movie was KALEJA.I have purchased a ticket from one of my colleague to watch this movie.I was thrilled to watch this movie for its making.As soon as the movie started i was amazed with the quality of work done by the movie crew.We have to praise the entire team of the movie for its work.The first frame of the movie and the gorgeous Ramyakrishna's entrance behind the backdrop is mind blowing.The back ground music and the song was beautiful.The huge setup of Kingdom and the war scene was fantastic.It resembled quite similar to Hollywood movie.The director was able to hold the viewers throughout the movie.The End of the movie was indeed the beginning.Except the item number which created little bit of boredom the movie was indeed an Epic with technical extravagance and directors taste for Technical expertise with memorable events of the past.I feel that the PART 2 of the movie which due in 2016 will be much more interesting.
4 out of 11 

baahubali finally hits the theaters with high expectation.Mostly by Indians.The movie is both combination of class and mass.We can see the hard work of director SS rajamoli in every frame..director designed the screenplay very well.As expected the visual effects in this film is high and proves the Indian film graphs is equal to Hollywood.The first is little slow.Performance of Devasena, Sivagami, Bijjaladeva, Kattappa characters were awesome.And in second half the war sequences will take you to next level.Director show the difference of Baahubali and Bhallala Deva characters along with war sequences by without missing logic.And every frame is designed every rich...we can proudly say it is Indian biggest motion picture as ever seen till now.And finally enjoy the movie.its completely takes you to the world baahubali.
4 out of 11 

great movie which is far more commercial for Tollywood yet breaks all the records in India. Amazing effort from baahubali team! this movie is simply a combination of visual effects and action.And also this movie lacks in comedy.But I see no fantastic job in doing this movie because it took almost 3 years to complete the two parts of this movie by the story that is being made far long back.This movie holds a visual feast for our eyes which obviously costs huge bucks i.e 250 crores.well for this it takes time i.e 3 years and also a grand opening which is nothing but 4000 screens.This finally proves that there is nothing to be told of, that is so special about this movie..in my opinion this is just like comparing baahubali(a BMW) with other movies like dookudu(a Suzuki swift) which have their greatness in their own fields of comparison ! final verdict-worth watch movie, and don't expect comedy.
2 out of 4 

As the protagonist PRABHAS conveyed that u might feel why the movie took 3 yrs in the production.But u will feel the intensity of ours when u watch the movie.Coming to the story,it is the agony between two brothers that leads the story. PRABHAS never before had expressed the emotions as he conveyed in this war drama. Never to forget the MACHO MAN RANA who portrayed his character quite well(when he fights the bull and when he expresses his envy with his brother).RAJAMOULI, if i have to say,i would say the creator of his dreams,gave an example that he can direct the epic war of KURUKSHETRA.He took care of every frame when he expresses the emotions of characters and when he made the world of MAHISMATHI with perfection. Special mention to be given to KEERAVANI garu who lifted the movie an inch further with his situational and soothing music. Then comes the art direction,in one word SABU SIRIL proved his worth. The characters of KATAPPA portrayed by SATYARAJ,the humbled and dedicated and tamanna with her beauty balanced the seriousness with a bit of romance with PRABHAS. Anushka in her limits gave her best but she must be given credit for the courage to portray this role. Kalakeya and his troops are ferocious. RAJAMOULI, acts like a teacher in giving every minute character,its due importance. CG,It suits the sequences. SENTHIL should be given a hatsoff for his cinematography. THE SCREENPLAY and anxiety through twists will lead u to wait sadly for one year for BAHUBALI-II THE ********.ACTION ENGINEER PETER HEINS PRINTED HIS MARK IN THE MOVIE. NEGATIVES: some unique stunts gives u a hiccup.Steady first half with no major fights makes u to divert ur attention. POSITIVES:SECOND HALF having every scene a worth mention. RAMYA KRISHNA,THE one and only who can live in that character. WAR sequences,where you will feel the novelty(expect the one that the soldiers acts as a shield as in 300). UNIQUE and ULTIMATE war sequences with perfection even in the kalakeya as well as war language. The interval bang makes you to involve in the story with RANA'S huge statue and the scenes there will tell u how much rajamouli cares for perfection. last to say,BAAHUBALI- THE CREATOR'S VISION,CHARACTERS' DEDICATION AND A LEAP TOWARDS THE USE OF CG.
2 out of 4 

This comes with a bang into the Indian cinema and sets a benchmark for other Bollywood movies. A wonderful fantasy tale with trendsetting screenplay. The visuals, the dialogues are worth watching multiple times. Prabhas adds new life to Bollywood with his powerful screenplay and so do Ramya and Rana. From the action to the sensual dance to the plot this movie does well in all respect. Rajamouli does a marvel job with the brilliant imagination and execution. Hope to see movies of this class again and again. These movies are one that can make one proud to be an Indian and thing to boast off.
0 out of 0 

This movie is a completely delightful epic tale, because it is a tale, if you embrace for what it is, you can be wonder by all the production and inventive Bollywood as to offer. It is a magnificent entertaining tale.
0 out of 0 

This movie is total waste of time. I dont watch south movies, they r trash but i gave it try based on its popularity and imdb rating (now i hv trust issues on imdb rating). Movie was empty, there was nothing to watch. I hd to watch it in parts to finish the movie because this movie is not watchable at all its rating should've been 2.0. there are very good movies whose rating are lower than this but they are very good movies. So dont comoletely rely on indb rating, they dont matter they are just other people's opinions. Which can be vary fron urs.
0 out of 0 

This is very good movie with good action. Prabhas had done very good and his dedication and passion towards movie has shown on screen. Every actor and actress have Done very well
0 out of 0 

Mahadeera or Maveeran was Good, Eega or Naan Ee was awesome, But This is trash. SSR might thought Indians can be fooled just by presenting something big or Indians never watch Cartoons or Anime.almost 80% of this movie is a Lion King Rip-off. Even the waterfalls is from The Lion King. A comparison of the charactersPrabas is Simba. Tamanna is Naala. Rana is Skar. Anushka is Sarabi. Sathiyaraj is Zazoo. old Prabas is Mufasa.And there is nothing epic in this film, Just an over hyped garbage.
0 out of 0 

I am reviewing this movie as an Indian and I give this full marks just because this is the kind of movie I always wanted from India to be made but never expected to actually be made. I hate most of the Indian movies and mostly just do not bother but this movie just made me slap my self in the face. Among all the really bad movies this movie is like a shining ray of hope and not watching this masterpiece is a sin. So just go watch it!
0 out of 0 

Gave him 10 stars , although , if it was american i would mybe gave him less cos it is not polished as their movies , but as Indian movies , i expected some errors,and its great! ! So it deserve 10!I really liked it , Watched it with family , we really enjoyed. Entire movie in a way entangles you into story and you all the time expect what will happen next. Worth watching , and if you can bear some west - east differences in story telling , you will really like this! Still need to watch 2nd part :)
0 out of 0 

Baahubali: The Beginning is a fantastic(al) Indian epic with a great sense of detail for the Indian cultures. The production values are decent - if not comparable to Hollywood tales of matching epic proportions, like Troy or Immortals. However, the art direction is quite compelling, with great shots of (CGI-enriched) landscapes and vibrant colors. The plot is presented in an interesting and competent way and makes the story of the Baahubali family fascinating. The downsides include an apparent overuse of certain camera techniques (i.e. close-ups and slow-motion), a clichéd plot, and poor writing - at least in the subbed version. Baahubali: The Beginning might not be as big and its underlying concept was intended, however, it could be the start of something big.Overall 6/10 Full Review on movie-discourse.blogspot.de
0 out of 0 

Hello everyone...!This is the must visit movie that any movie lover has to watch. The story narration, characterization, building up the emotions, music and everything. This movie showcases all the elements in small time.
0 out of 0 

A baby is found in the river by a village that lives at the bottom of a gigantic waterfall. He is adopted, named Shivudu, and not told of his history. Shivudu (played by Prabhas) spends his life trying to climb to the top of the waterfall. When he finally succeeds, he finds the large kingdom of Mahishmati, and falls in love with a girl (played by Tamannaah) from a rebel group who are trying to rescue their queen from Mahishmati's evil king. Shivudu, brave and fearless, vows to rescue the queen himself.Despite the predictable plot, this Telugu action-drama is all around fantastic. The acting was solid, the scenery and settings gorgeous, and the music (songs and incidental) excellent. Some of the CGI animals weren't fully credible, but the rest of the CGI usage looked natural and impressive. The action scenes generally looked believable, and were always exciting. Overall, for viewers comfortable with violent action films, this is a movie not to be missed.
0 out of 0 

OMG! I was looking for an epic movie and my search concluded to Baahubali. Ok, I knew I taking a risk with an Indian movie but man that was totally out of my (low) expectations.Firstly, I, of course, skip the 8.2 imdb rating as I can only consider it as joke. Secondly, apologies from my Indian friends, but even though I understand that these dances and songs are part of their culture, honestly watching those as part of an 'epic' film does not work and just made me laugh.All in all, Baauhubali was really one of the most hilariously bad movies I have ever seen. Bad CGI, bad acting, bad editing, bad bad bad. Perhaps an Indian person can watch this, but definitely a western viewer will not be able to watch it (especially the first half, as in the second one the battle scenes are somewhat ok).
0 out of 0 

Poor VFX. Boring plot. Abysmal performances by few cast members. Absurd action scenes.
0 out of 0 

Before watching this I read lot of reviews and so many people have review this is a wonderful movie. but after watching I don't know what is the reason. at least these actors acting is not much good as I thought.This is a too ordinary movie even for today's kids who like to watch superman movies. hard to keep watching movie at least for 15 minutes.There are thousands of these kinds of movies of other countries probably much better than this which get imdb 4- rating.Actually this movie is Indian kollywood production their fans are do dumb and always give high ratings on tamil movies ! Honest review.
0 out of 0 

Baahubali Baahubali - The Beginning is a film co-written and directed by S S Rajamouli. As I remember watching the trailer about 3 years ago, I could go on praising the grandeur of the film. And I watched the film back then and couldn't stop praising it. Watching it again after a long time, made me feel nostalgic.Plot: Shivudu's life changes after he meets AvanthikaStory and direction: I still don't think that there is nothing that is quite great with the story. It is a mishmash of Ramayana and Mahabharata. Anyone watching it will know what I am talking about. But the way S S Rajamouli has taken what we know and incorporated into the world of Mahismati is incredible. The story also doesn't provide you all the information at once. It keeps the mystery so that the audience stay intrigued and interested. You can see the hard work that has gone into the making of this magnum-opus. I can go on praising the Mahismati kingdom. The characters are also varied and interesting. You can care for each character that is in the film. The stunt sequences are also great and look very much real (quite rare in South Indian cinema). But everything has faults and so does this one. I felt the romantic track was added just to bring the audience to the theatres. It just added to the runtime and nothing substantial was there in that. Also the VFX was OK. In some scenes, you can just guess that green/blue screen was used. Also the editing is not crisp. Characters happen to just pop up at some places. Some scenes also never made sense.Performances: Prabhas stole the show. His dual roles as Babhubali and Shivudu were impressive. Rana Daggubati was great too. The stern and angered looks were nicely carried by him. Sathyaraj was impressive as Katappa. Nassar looked cruel as Bijjalaeva. Ramya Krishnan was beyond praise as Sivagami. Tamannah Bhatia was eye-candy for me. Anushka Shetty was also good in the role provided.Music: Very rarely I do love South Indian music. M M Keeravani delivers some great songs and an impressive background score. Although I liked each and every song of the film, 'Dheevera' was the one that impressed me the most.Favorite Scene: The scene just before the interval where Shivudu helps in the installation of the golden statue of Bhallaladeva. When one person happens to see Shivudu and says 'Baahubali' and everyone just repeat the same, the energy they get helps in the installation of the statue. The sheer grandness and respect for Baahubali the people have inspired me a lot.Verdict: Even with its faults and some stupidity, Baahubali is an enjoyable experience. I was never bored even for a milli-second.I am going with an 8/10.
0 out of 0 

The film was good with brilliant vfx shots and graphics. Songs and BGM was awesome in the film. Everyone acted well in the film. The film was interesting but some scenes are very boring.
0 out of 0 

I am not Indian but I loved this film. It has so many great characters and beautiful scenes. There is singing, dancing, romance, humor, drama, battles, action, strong character development, attention to detail, and great acting.I read one review that said it was overrated and overdone but like what more do you want? You want the same old cliche American movies with the same actors doing the same old things again? End of the world? Some government conspiracy? Some ridiculous comedy nothing else? No thanks. I want something new and fresh. Something with all the things I listed above in the first paragraph. This movie has it. I was a little worried at first but once I started watching I did not want to to turn it off.The main character, Baahubali, is immediately likable. I was rooting for him the entire movie. The villains play their parts so well. Even the minor characters are great in this film. I wish there was more time to give each of them. This movie is like the Red Cliff of Chinese historical movies. Done so well with so much ingenuity and creativity.Treat yourself to something knew and don't listen to the haters' reviews. Even if you are not Indian you can enjoy this film.
0 out of 0 

I guess, I am in a very small minority here who really disliked this movie. It was a pain to sit through this looong movie. The four stars are only for the waterfall and statue scenes. As far as acting is concerned, Katappa and the grandmother of Baahubali were the ones who were okay. The heroine was average, too. Totally inspired from Mahabharat. I would rather watch B.R. Chopra's Mahabharat T.V. series than this irritating 'opus'.
0 out of 0 

Maybe it really appeals to Indian people but, for a western audience, it's just a really cheesy movie; bad acted, with a basic script, and a mustache wielding hero.I gave it a chance. Just don't bother. It's really far away from the score that IMDb is currently (8.2) showing for it.
0 out of 0 

Not up to the mark.Routine story,Exaggeration. Tamana has done overreaction. Prabhas effort in vain. Feeling bad for producer. Rajmouli has lots to improve. Songs are awful. Only good part is the screenplay good technical ability. Rana was good. Abrupt ending adds salt to wound. Unnecessary exaggeration and hype.Not up to the mark.Routine story,Exaggeration. Tamana has done overreaction. Prabhas effort in vain. Feeling bad for producer. Rajmouli has lots to improve. Songs are awful. Only good part is the screenplay good technical ability. Rana was good. Abrupt ending adds salt to wound. Unnecessary exaggeration and hype.
21 out of 95 

one of the worst movies I ever watched.awful direction ,awful screenplaynone of the emotion scenes worked out well.CGI is not good.actress and actors performance is terrible.we can only see the hunk without good emotions.actress acting is more like overacting than acting.predictable story line.there are many films like this story line which makes you bore.war sequences are more like a child play.finally its a waste of time and waste of money.a film will be a super hit only if it can be watched more than once.not by the money it collected in less number of days.
14 out of 59 

I don't watch over the top movies .By it's trailer I had a feeling that this movie could fall into that category.But as a Indian I felt like I should support the Director because of the risk he has taken in producing this movie and I wanted to see whether the quality of CGI is as par with Hollywood produced movies as claimed by most of the mainstream media.few scenes after the movie started I realized there isn't much CGI involved and scenes where they have used CGI felt more like animation movie images rather than real life images. I would have ignored all this but movie lacks creativity, director tried to bring the the emotion by sound effects rather than good script .many places bad editing was evident. Most of the casts did the good job in overacting and director has killed all the seriousness of the story by squeezing in the item songs,and badly pictured romance scenes . This is a B grade masala movie.I am giving it 1 rating because I have a feeling that the most of the reviews are not by viewers but by some marketing agency who has taken contract to promote this movie
6 out of 21 

S.S Rajamouli's (SSR) magnum opus "Bahubali:The beginning" was the most touted movie of this year. So the wait was finally over and it was released worldwide on July 10th .Bahubali is an epic movie with a not so new plot. Story of two hunky cousins Bahubali (essayed by Prabhas) and Palvaaldevan (essayed by Rana) fighting for a kingdom named "Magizhmathi". They grow up with similar traits, so Sivagami (essayed by Ramya Krishnan) decides to crown the one who will be found as the noblest, wittiest, strongest, wisest, and mightiest at the end of a major war against one of the strong kingdom led by a beasty king.Now that's the plot which can be easily compared to any historical epic like Mahabaratham. So let's see how the great visions of SSR have come out.Technicalities: The movie is definitely a huge production with its magnificent sets, promising VFX, thousands of junior artists, costumes, make-up, weapons. Though the project is touted to be the most expensive motion picture in the history of Indian cinema it had places in the first half where it was over dosed with CG and VFX making it looking like animation picture rather motion picture. Sabu Cyril as the art designer has really put a huge effort to bring out SSR's vision. Cinematography by KK Senthikumar has definitely elevated us to the historical feel. Dialogues in Tamil version seem well penned by the lyricist Karky. Hats off to the CG team for taking Indian cinema to the next level in VFX. Music by Keeravani has worked well in BGM rather on songs. Kudos to the team (Technical) behind Bahubali.Performances: With an ensemble cast Bahubali definitely scores well in the casting department. Note worthy performances delivered by three legendary actors (Ramya Krishnan, Sathy Raj, Nasser) in south Indian cinema. Ramya Krishnan as Sivagami fitted picture perfect to the role with her voice, walk and attitude. Sathyraj as Kattapa the sincere chief brigade of battalion has lived the role. Nasser as Pingala Devan a notorious villain inside the royal family has done 100% justice to the role. These three people are the supporting pillars for the movie. Coming to the leads Prabhas as the Bahubali/ Shivu and Rana as Palvaal Devan has put lots of effort to essay their massive historical characters. Rana seemed more convincing in the first half and Prabhas in the second half. Uff what a tie. Anushka as Devasena the heroine known for her epic performances is least seen in this first part as we would see her more in action in the second half (sorry Anushka fans). Tammanah Bhatia as Avantika a girl with a mission was found less fitting the role though she tries to pull it off hardly.What is on the Downside for the movie: With all respect for the hard work by the team almost 2 years in production I found some minus that makes us feel still Indian cinema seeking commercial values. One unnecessary item song, OK some may argue it was a culture of looters to dance and drink if so where these beautiful girls of Brazilian, Moroccan, British origin did came from. Secondly a typical retro type romance song between the leads which was truly boring. Third CG/VFX overdose during the first half which seemed more fantasy indulgence.Verdict: A worthy epic movie not to be missed for its magnificence, breath taking visuals and an amazing epic story filled with rivalry, betrayal, rebellion, Prince, kingdom politics, fight for position, war, weapons.I would easily rate 4 on a 5 scale. SSR has set the bar high so expecting a stunning second part Bahubali: The conclusion.
4 out of 12 

Baahubali – The man or what? The hero Baahubali (or Shiva. request readers to use whatever applicable!) has extraordinary strength. I imagined a very strong human being but based on the movie, Baahubali can be our next super hero. Indian Hulk. He proved it by walking up a mountain slope with almost 400 lb of granite on his shoulders. No pain. He can fly. He can shoot arrows upwards while bungee jumping. He can peel the layers of a tall granite stone to make a ski-boat. He can throw granite boulders into snowy mountains to create avalanches. He can shot put 100 lb. granite balls to more than 40 ft. He can push a standing horse. He can be buried under twenty armored soldiers and yet kick them all in one go to show up before you missed him. He can ride a horse in a battle, holding a spear in each hand, take on one enemy soldier on each spear and throw them away. I imagined myself making kababs with one stick in each hand and I was tired. Now, that should tell you why Baahubali is no human being. He is our next superhero. Baahubali – The lover boy. Baahubali was raised by tribal people so he grew up wild. His first meeting with his dream girl showed desperation and confusion. More like "Just Do it" as Nike puts it. And he does it. Phew. Where is the romance? Baahubali – The item boy. When I saw the rope shaped in a cocoon my heart started beating faster. I was hoping for one item and the cocoon delivered three items. It did not add up like "Just Do it" plus "Just Do it" plus "Just Do it"; three times "Just Do it". I felt like it was much more than that. My popcorn bucket looked much closer and tasted hotter. In that heat of the moment Bahubali took center stage and started itemizing the items. Something popped in my head and my popcorn bucket fell down. Then I realized the three girls are props for Bahubali, the item boy. Baahubali – A tale of two machos and my nachos. A slave warrior who is old, heroic, honest and guilty enough to make you sit up straight, take note where you are in the point of your life, feel guilty, dash to the exit, be honest, go to Rest Rooms to feel natural, buy some cheesy nachos, get back in, sit, relax, take a bite of nachos and still notice that the machos are showing off thanks to some mistake he did. It better be a very costly mistake; costly enough for me to digest the macho shows and nacho bites. Finally the movie ended with a stabby visual that was so shocking and butt-kicking I did not know how I landed in front of my car steering wheel. When I went home with machos eating my brains, I realized I left my nachos in the theatre. I know they can't last the "Conlcusion" and I wished I was a nacho too. Getting cold and damp because nobody is eating me. Or getting stomped to million pieces. Whatever it takes to not to be sold on the "Baahubali- The Conclusion". Machos or Nachos I don't care.Baahubali – The calculation. What a macho release even before it was actually shown to the minions? But why thinks this minion. It was all a marketing strategy to recover money and also some profit before the word spreads. And also make sure to recover the money for the second part too. Baahubali – The unexplained. RGV gave a good comment praising the machos! That is completely out of his character. Baahubali – The best parts. Of course biceps and lots of biceps! The waterfall is mighty amazing and out of the world. Some of the battle scenes are good and unique too. The visual parts are all very good. Baahubali – The truth It is a visual for the millions of poor minions. It is a false pride for the rich minions. Baahubali- No Conclusion. Life goes on even if I am looted again and again!
3 out of 8 

I always preferred Hollywood movies when it comes to genre like Action, Mystery, Epic movies with visual effects. Never thought that India can make such spectacular super hit movie."Bahubali‬" has really impressed me and have changed my view about Indian cinema. Hats off to makers, actors and entire off screen people who contributed their time and efforts to create such blockbuster movie.Story, action, characters, mystery, songs, choreography, locations, soundtrack, costumes, everything is so perfect!! Best film till now which has everything anyone looks for.I recommend "Bahubali" for all age groups, best watch with family. Looking forward for second part called "‪Conclusion"‬ in 2016.
3 out of 8 

Most of the reviews here are very misleading, while the movie might take some inspiration from LotR, it's nowhere close in the visuals. The effects are so badly done they make one cringe.The plot isn't that bad, though very cliché and predictable - clueless hero rises from nothing and saves everyone.It could've been an amazing short, but completely overstays its welcome while indulging in the bad CG that doesn't even add much to the story.The acting is very typical for Bollywood, wouldn't expect anything better.You might have some fun by renting it and watching with friends while drinking. But trust me - you don't want to be stuck in a movie theater while this is on.
4 out of 13 

I have been looking forward to Bahubali ever since I heard about it. I have seen Rajamouli's Magadheera and Eega, and I was impressed and I thought to myself, "Give Rajamouli 200 crores, and lets see what he can do" I also want to see Indian filmmakers reach Hollywood standards, as any proud Indian would want as well. Now the reviews are raving that Bahubali reaches parity with those standards. I will be as unbiased as I can in my review. It doesn't on the whole, and it is not budget that lets it down, but poor scripting, lack of vision and some bad aesthetic choices.First, I will begin with what is good, before I start deconstructing it. The cinematography and colour grading is stunning, I love the location shots, the waterfall and the sweeping epic vistas. The use of CG mattes mixed with live footage is the best I have seen in an Indian film, they are somewhat LOTR-esque. The hugely talked about battle scene in the end are amazing. The nods to 300 and LOTR are clear, but it does not copy them, and comes up with some creative shots, especially a sequence where huge stone boulder carry a massive silk cloth that falls over the enemies and then it is set on fire. I think here Bahubali has set the standard not just for India, but Asia in general. It compares favourably to Hollywood.Now what I did not like. The entire first half of the movie is a total waste, badly scripted and hurried. The VFX sequences here are all completely unnecessary and a waste of time, energy and money: this includes a vertical limitesque avalanche sequence, which could have looked good, with better shot design, but the director allows for some really bad and fake shots which stick out. Another sequence has a king fight a CG bison, which adds nothing to the story(what a waste of resources). Another sequence has a CG snake which wraps around an arrow of heroine(warrior princess) while our hero draws on her(an absurd love scene) - again a waste. The waterfall scenes are luscious, but totally wasted. They are nothing more than exotic backgrounds for our hero to jump around like a Tarzan in a dream sequence.In general the entire first half is a waste. This is not the fault of budget, but of a bad screenplay and a lack of vision. The second half is told as a flashback, recounting the politics of the ancient kingdom and the conspiracy to overthrow the kingdom, and this is where the battle scene takes place with a savage Ork like army planning to siege the kingdom. But despite being the most visually impressive portion in the movie, it is let down by poor scripting, as there is no build up to the battle scene. It is abrupt. Unlike in LOTR, where the whole movie builds up to the final climatic battle.Bahubali ultimately come across to me as an excuse for the director Rajamoili to try his hand at VFX and LOTR esque battle sequence. Very little attention has been given to scripting, acting, music or plot development. That's the biggest shame, because none of these things are the fault of budget. He could have done a lot more with his 200 crores.
4 out of 13 

I actually wanted this movie to be good. But this movie was nothing more than a mere disappointment. Seeing a 9.4 rating for this movie on IMDb makes me gag, this is an insult to all motion pictures world wide. And let me tell you, I appreciate all kinds of movies and I don't just discard a movie saying its Indian, I love a lot of Indian movies just as I love Hollywood movies or other foreign films, but this movie was utter trash.Nothing actually happens in the movie, the storyline moves super slow. Pathetic direction, script and acting. The movie had so much potential and an intense amount of funding; it takes a genius to make such a movie really crappy.I can keep writing about how bad it was but then I'll probably die writing, because almost everything in the movie was pathetic. I gave this movie a 3 only because for an upcoming cgi industry in India, this was a pretty good attempt. Other than that, just save your time and your money. I feel most of the comments written here are by over enthusiastic fans and people directly associated with the movie.
26 out of 149 

This review doesn't justify the satisfaction I got from watching this movie. ( couldn't resist posting my opinion) #Epic#Bahubali #great visuals , background score, mind blowing sets #indian heritage in front of eyes # respect to Indian Telugu movies #respect Rajamouli #realistic #splendid #worthwatching #larger than life #Deserves Oscar nomination #worth watching #recommended watch for non Indians too. I didn't realize when and how 3 hours passed by. Such a great movie. Proud to be a part of the century this movie has been released. Every character has played their role perfectly. Every set has been made to appear realistic. After watching the movie, I am really Surprised to read negative reviews about this movie. If not for the story, If not for action, this movie can be happily watched for the giant sets and great visual effects. Mind blowing! I am awestruck really! Hats off to the cast and crew and director specially!! Jai Mahishmati!
3 out of 9 

N.B: No Story Spoiler in this Review. So anyone can read it without hesitation! I have just shared some opinions of my own and some facts!In 1 word if someone ask me how was the movie then i will say "EPIC" and actually the fact is only this word suits it Best. This film has all the materials to be one of the best movie ever made in Indian Cinema! From Direction to Acting, Action to Visual Effects all were just marvelous. You can't even rest for a single moment. I even had goosebumps and shivering on some scenes! If i am not so wrong then Lead Actor "Prabhas" & Director "S.S.Rajamouli" will be treated as Legend after this Duo-logy(the last part will be out on July,2016). All the Characters were perfectly matched to their respective roles. "Anushka" was really an exceptional in a De-glam role as we have always seen her in Glamorous role. All the Action Sequence were perfectly co- ordinated. Direction was perfect, sequential and flawless! And finally the exceptional and spell-bounding Visual- Effects show throughout the movie. Actually the film is an example that finally Indian Cinema has learned how to present a perfect flawless Visual-Effect show. The only thing i disliked about the film(i would rather say its a fault) is "Why the hell it was not shot in 3D???" If it was shot in 3D in IMAX format cameras then it could have been another Masterpiece(even then i would actually compare it with some of the Hollywood Films!) Hope the Second Part will be in 3D(fingers crossed). Go, watch it in Movie Hall not in pirated DVD or torrent format. Coz if you don't watch it in 2K or 4K screens, you will miss the real thing of this film!
3 out of 9 

I don't know , or i don't care about what others feel about this movie but I'm giving my opinion on this movie here! *NO SPOILERS* This movie started with a slow paced narration and kinda boring love track between Prabhas and Tammanah but the visuals of Dhivara song were great ! Anushka had only a little part in the movie but he make up and acting gave me Goose Bumps in the theater ! Kattappa characterization was great and Prabhas , Rana gave their best to the roles , and were excellent ! There was about 40 min of war sequence in the movie which will make you stick to theater seats and entertain you thoroughly ! i read many reviews saying that the has ended abruptly but i personally feel that was great ending to the movie and will make the audience curious for the second part of the film that is Baahubali - The Conclusion ! On the whole it was a Visual wonder , but lacks content in it with a slow paced narration in the beginning but will surely thrill you in the second half with its visuals ! my final word on this movie is #LiveTheEpic !!!!!!Rating - 4/5 ! This movie will definitely set new standards in Indian film making ! Thank you for reading my review! To describe the experience of watching Bahubali – It's not a visual wonder. It is a visual THUNDER!
3 out of 9 

Hats off to Raja Mouli sir for giving such an amazing movie for audience. Audience will get goose bumps in some scenes. Though it has little bit poor graphics in some scenes which will lasts only for 2- 3 seconds, but still it deserves 10 rating. very impressed with the war scene, it was choreographed too good. Kudos to your direction sir. Eagerly waiting for Bahubali Conclusion. Hope next time he will take care of graphics in each and every frame. All the best to Bahubali team. Drawbacks in Movie : Tamannah didn't suits to that role. She is really looking very horrible in that role. Except in one song. JAI MAHISMATI. JAI BAHUBALI. A big bow for entire team and specially for Raja Mouli sir.
3 out of 9 

Excellent making, elevated the Telugu movie industry standards. First half of the movie was OK, I think the intention was to make 'other' audience comfortable and the meat begins in the 2nd half of the movie. I felt the drive around climbing the mountain was weak and other than that didn't notice any issues. 2nd half - The war, characters, concept and action were all in the right mix. Even though it appears as if the movie has been inspired by other movies such as 300, Lord of the rings, Narnia etc. it comes with the right blend of Indian or Telugu characters and the related story.Another good choice or decision is to make this a sequel and I cannot wait to watch the part II of this movie. Good work by everyone on this movie.
3 out of 9 

The first movie in the history of Indian cinema that set standards at the international level was movie 'Endhiran' and now we have 'Baahubali' as I had watched Troy, Lord of the rings, Hobbit was expecting something unique and I was not disappointing.I was astonished and there are multiple jaw dropping moments in the movie and you will wonder how was that shot. Don't listen to anyone just go watch this movie in Theaters along with your friends so you can scream and shout when there are mind blowing scenes on the screen.The action sequences, Acting, Visual effects, Cinematography, story and most importantly subtitles for the audience who can't the language. Also you will find a cameo from an unexpected person. I waited for 3 years for this movie will wait for another year for the part 2 to release. #Baahubali #Jai MahishmathiCheers, Neo
3 out of 9 

I was eagerly waiting for this film and I was not disappointed.Baahubali is one of the most visually impressive films that have come from India. Everything about this film is great. Story, direction, music, a good screenplay and amazing visuals So in the end, I would like to say - Go and watch it instead of watching the crap that Bollywood has been producing lately. Its something to be proud of. Book your tickets and watch this Indian grand spectacle. You wont regret it.Each and every character superbly framed. Every actor has done a decent job and Prabhas and Raana are over the sky, earned more than 100% credit. Can't wait for part 2.Highly Recommended. Make an effort to watch it on the big screen.
3 out of 9 

Yay !! Baahubali.I am Very excited to share my review on the Indian Awesome flick 'BAAHUBALI' The Beginning.I watched this movie in the Prasads Imax Large Screen Hyderabad. Best screen to watch the best film.Coming to the Film, It is the most awaited film for the movie lovers since 3 years. As Hard work never fails, Rajamouli gave the best to this film. The main assert to the film is VFX and the way Rajamouli craved the film. From the starting of the film, each and every frame was outstanding.Prabhas Sorry PraBOSS. :) Acted as Baahubali and Shivudu and did a mesmerizing performance. He had done the great home work for this film.Rana: In this part 1 his role has not been up to mark. the hype created on Rana was not reached the expectations and Hope he'll be highlighted in the conclusion 2016.Anushka: Role is less But She did excellent.Thamanna: Angel :) God !! She is beautiful.Ramya Krishna : Her potentiality shown clearly in the film.Music given by M.M Keeravani is the assert to film.Senthil : Cinematography is great boss.Guys ! the stunning graphics and beautiful locations will catch the complete attention. WAR sequence & Strategies were outstanding.Now its really very hard to wait for the conclusion part which is going to be released in 2016.Don't miss the film. :) Hats off to the entire team of Baahubali.
3 out of 9 

I was counting each hour for past 10 days from when the release date was finally announced by Sir Rajamouli (Director). I saw his passion through this movie.This is truly incredible gifted talent.I saw the Baahubali trailers/posters and finally the first part "The Beginning" today. And I was blown away at how beautifully done it was, the ultimate camera work (VFX effects),actors,background score and music, the acting and the story, it all took me by surprise. It is today that I can claim I have seen one of the best movies or can get see rest of my life. No other movie can impact you in such an intense way than Baahubali. It is a movie worth seeing due to the fact that the workers put so much time and effort into this one film for three and half years and they did not want to waste money putting up garbage.This is outcome of immanence penance of each technician. So Rajamouli and Baahubali team, thank you for this marvelous creation, I will for sure want to see part two at earliest possible. To this Spectacular work I still am anxious to see the movie. I recommend it to anyone who likes action,Love,Epic,war,beauty of nature, best of crew and many more in general. To anyone who doesn't, don't waste your time write bad reviews about this film.
3 out of 9 

Baahubali - The Beginning - The people who doesn't know what the heck is Game of Thrones will have some idea about it. Those who know will have pleasure watching this Indian version. Part 1 of this franchise is honest payback for the money you are going to pay or paid at the box office. First the Director who is the real hero to be thanked for giving us such experience. Next all the actors understood really well what they have to do and did what needed to define their role in the movie. Most prominent of them was Ramya Krishnan. I have never seen such intense delivery. Prabhas was good as usual, AnushkaShetty is saved for Part 2 (Yeah there is a Part 2 next year in June or July). Taamanaah on the other hand did nice for a change as she is an over actor. Rana Dagubati is ruthless villain, you''l hate him from the moment you see him. Overall it is great visual experience with neat effects and gripping screenplay. Worth watching paisa vasool. If possible I will go again and waiting eagerly for the conclusion of this epic tale.
3 out of 9 

Visual Treat. Great screen presence by Prabhas. Fight sequences at their best. Never seen before in Indian movies. Grandeur narration by SS Rajamouli. Ramya Krishnas acting is mind-blowing. This movie has set a platform and divided are age before Bahubali ad after. First part couldn't elevate completely all the characters wee, as the director wants them to reveal in the 2nd part. India story narrated in a word class manner. Couldn't wait for the second part. Background score by MM Keernavani is best at key situations, could be better for overall movie. Initially i was not convinced by the movie first time when i watched, later i watched this grand epic movie in Imax screen and felt the real grandness of the movie, entire cast and crew has done a good job to the person this movie to entire world.
3 out of 9 

This movie passes in terms of animation improvement WTO Indaian movies and THAT'S IT. The story is a complete ripoff from some famous TV series (serials) - and a bad try at it.Absolute zero creativity and shameless copying of story combined with some displays of bad political publicity.This one roars and scratches your skin on how the attention seeker works.Hopefully the production gets better and refrain from pathetic acts like these.You should really watch this movie. Eye opener :p
5 out of 19 

though it has created a little bit curiosity in telugu audience, but it miserably failed in terms of originality. the director rajamouli has copied each and every scenes from Hollywood , Japanese and some from korean films. some scenes are copied from TV serials also ( eg: the rope scene where protagnist jumps and rana gives him rope, this is copied from sony channel's CID). story is very weak.nothing special in this movie. since telugu audience are not familiar with CGI shots , this film got hit.
2 out of 5 

About 80% of the movie make no sense at all. He didn't build up the actual story till near the end of the movie and then end the movie for part 2. Only thing good about the movie is the special effects and scenery. Some scenes were literally pulled out for other movies and video games. Story was completely pointless for most of the movie. Dialogs were very bad. This is Rajamouli's worst movie despite what anyone says. All his other movies never had this much of a halfhearted attempt with the story. There was literally no flow to the movie from one scene to the next. It just jumps from one scene to the next. Its definitely not Oscar material and Indian movie award material.
2 out of 5 

OK, before anyone jumps into conclusions. I live in Australia (Indian born) and have been waiting for this movie for a while due to the hype around it and it looked/looks visually stunning. And I purchased it on Youtube to watch it.So, I absolutely agree with the rating in favor of great locations, awesome cinematography, brilliant production etc. Unfortunately, that's where it all ends along with the trailer.Both the protagonists, Avantika and Baahubali are not only cheesy but stiff. When you portray a tough character, it is not just as simple as pushing your chest forward and having an aggressive stance. You need to convey the pain and torment in your expressions and I think they both miss the mark in comparison to mid level international actors. Well I am comparing to international movies because it could have been a contender with its massive budget and what not. The best actors in the movie where Katappa and Devasena. To be honest Devasena had more aggression than Bahubali himself.The screenplay and direction is cheesy as well. I know most Bollywood/tollywood/mollywood etc always make a khichdi of scripts and get confused between action/drama/comedy/romance etc but you can't have an epic and make it a masala of all sorts as well. Every time I tried to dive deep into the dark story-line, I was unpleasantly slapped back into a cheesy scene between the 2 lovers or a crappy overacted sequence of him doing some muscle showing stunt.People keep comparing it to 300. Now, think how ridiculous it would look when Leonidas says ' THIS IS SPARTAAAA!'.... but before we fight I would like to do a floral paint on a girl's forearm .... really??? WTF!Come on, I think Indian movie industry is there with the technical side of things, just need to get away from the clichés and cheesiness and make some awesome epics. The potential is absolutely there but was underutilized in this case.
2 out of 5 

No doubt the graphical effects owing to the huge budget were put into good use. But the story line wasn't any good. If it weren't for the decent casting the movie would have been a box office failure. The movie should be thankful to the biased fans for blindly rating it above 9. Even though what the fans spread, this weak plotted movie is nothing compared to '300', the later had a way greater storyline. Unnecessary play-lists sounded really odd. The highly illogical love story between the lead casts didn't make it less worse. Leaving the movie in the midway for the sequel was really disappointing while it is a cunning money making strategy. The director has avoided 3D format to avoid losing the movie's depth, well it sure has. Though it is inspired from Mahabharata it has nothing 'Maha' about it.
2 out of 5 

The story by Vijayendra Prasad, however, does not offer much more than a standard tale of love, betrayal and emotions set in a fictional kingdom, where two cousins fight off against each other for the throne. The two potential king construct is not new, but the way of presentation by director SS Rajamouli makes it interesting. Slightly disappointed by supremacy of main hero Shiva who like a macho, does everything slickly, whether it is climbing a huge water fall, or entering the royal palace guarded by an entire army, or taking away their most important prisoner and villain is like "WTF has just happened?". Scenes are exciting but predictable. SS Rajamouli used heroism and commercial elements to compose many scenes where fans get exhilarated. More than 50% of the movie has action sequences. No doubt, with so much budget, Rajamouli has used the canvas and technology effectively to bring a visually appealing film. However, the emotional connect should have been stronger. Decision of making this movie in two parts is riskier in Indian cinema.
2 out of 5 

Giving a rating of 10/10 to this flick is an extremely thoughtful decision. The rating is for Rajamouli's grand vision, his power to convince producers for such a massive investment, his abilities to convert his vision into reality and last but the most important - his eye to detail.What Rajamouli has achieved in India in a regional cinema is magnanimous - imagine what if this movie was produced in Hollywood.Do watch this movie if you haven't so far - believe me EVERY SCENE has a thought and place for itself. The hard work and dedication of each and every person involved in this movie calls me to give a 10.
2 out of 5 

Oh man. Tamil cinema is going big for sure. This is one if your typical historic dramas that of course bring the lord all mighty into it. The movie completely stands out from the rest cause first of, you can understand every single word thanks to the English subtitles.The first half isn't too captivating. It is long, dreary and boring especially with the lack of complete chemistry between Prabhas and Tamana. The second half blows your mind. It is invigorating and captivating and the C.G.I scenes are extraordinary.The climax is brilliant and you have no idea what hits you when the movie ends.From an acting stand point, Prabhas and Rana were amazing (Rana looks extremely hot by the way). Ramya Krishnan, duh, can she do anything wrong? Now, what really surprised me was Tamana. Having always seen her in a girly role, I was pleasantly surprised by the kind of ferocity she brought into the movie as a warrior (please ignore her sloppy running). The only thing that saddened me perhaps was the fact that her incredibly fierce role as a warrior hardly lasts as Prabha takes over very soon.
2 out of 5 

I just saw this movie and it was way beyond my expectations. I am very impressed at the attention to details and original concepts delivered by the film makers :S.S. Rajamouli and his team have done an exceptional job in moving Indian cinema forward. I think this movie should be released worldwide in English. The CGI is mind-blowing and the story and characterization is great. The Costumes and sets are great. The fight scene introduce some very original and unexpected strategy that shows the deep thinking behind the movie. There is not a single dull moment in the movie and I personally can't wait for the sequel. A must watch for any movie lover.
2 out of 5 

Finally India has shown it's strength in Film making. This movie will be a landmark in the History of Indian Cinema. Great performances by the characters makes you to travel back into the ancient Indian kingdoms and their greatness, richness in art and culture.It's Rajamouli,the director steals the show with his creative narration skills,dynamic action scenes.Blending the story with Visual Effects makes him Unique as a director.He delivered the story very well with a tight screenplay which made audience thrilled till the end of the movie.Especially, i saw people clapping with a standing ovation which shows their respect and pride towards the movie.Coming to Background score M.M Keeravani did an amazing job which took the movie to the next level.One thing for sure is it's not a cakewalk to balance the music with the grandeur and richness of the movie which he nailed it.Senthil,the Director of Photography has done a stunning job with his rich camera angles and frames.He did a great job in showing the richness of the movie. Visual Effects is top notch. Finally, its a big leap for the Indian film industry in standards of Film making. A big Applause to the BAAHUBALI Team.. KUDOS to Rajamouli.
2 out of 5 

Magnificent visuals, good fast paced engaging story line with strong acting all is in favor of this movie. The only Hollywood movie that reminded me of this was 'Alexander'. Although, this one takes the cinematics to newer levels.Watch it in theaters only. There are only very limited movies that are worthy of watching on big screens like the 'Jurassic park, 2012' to name a few. This one is right there at the top. The only Indian movie in several years that have the potential to win the Oscars. And really this is finest examples of Indian world class movies. This is the way it should be done.
2 out of 5 

Movie: Baahubali The Beginning Rating: 4.75/5It's true that filmmaking is no easy job. Especially when it comes to make a film of a high and grand grandeur. But, Mr S. S. Rajamauli has proved that nothing is impossible of Indian filmmakers, provided that they have the technology, actors and of course, a story that can make a film work. Baahubali The Beginning is a perfect example of this thing.From the very first scene, the film makes an impact on the viewers. As the film keeps unfolding, entertainment level increases. It can be said that what seemed to exist only in imagination has come to be true in Baahubaali The Beginning. It's perhaps the first technically most brilliant film I have ever enjoyed on big screen ever in my life.All a result of excellent filmmaking.Coming to performances, Prabhas is quite energetic, and he fits in the provided roles. Tamannaah looks quite amazing and does very well and has a role never seen before. Anushka Shetty also does well in a little explored role. Sathyaraj does very well, as he has a good character and he delivers. Besides, Rana Daggubati also seems energetic in his character. Nasser, Ramya Krishnan and others too do their respective parts extremely well.A result of excellent performances.Coming to music, you get to hear a pleasant music,as a trademark of every film of Rajamauli. The type of romance you get to see in almost every Rajamauli film too is present here. The film's every element is so good that you will end up falling in love with it.A result of pleasing music.Coming to action scenes and technical department, which are the main highlights of the film, the film scores a 100% in every context. There is not even a single scene where you will get a chance to blink. The war episodes, action scenes, from the beginning to the end, are really worth praise. It can be said that it's another excellent film from the director who made Magadheera.A result of devoted and highly entertaining imagination.Coming to the story and screenplay, its here very well in the part 1. However, since its a two part film, you will have to wait for part two to find the entire story. But still, the way the film ends will leave you thinking what would be in the next part. But you will surely not forget this one.It's also true that for watching the conclusion, you need to watch the beginning. It's a good trend by Rajamauli sir to make films in two parts so that the viewers enjoy both.Overall, Baahubali The Beginning is a perfect, perfect and perhaps the most perfect film of Indian Cinema ever. It's a sort of film that can't be missed on the big screen. Besides, the part two will be coming soon in 2016. I am really unable to control my excitement and I have been thinking about it since the time I left my seat. It's a sort of film that is truly great, amazing and good enough that you will be left stunned forever. Definitely a mega BLOCKBUSTER!
2 out of 5 

Watched Baahubali in Tamil. Amazing, amazing, amazing... Finally Telugu cinema industry has achieved the long standing dream of Indians for making such a movie. Its so creative and innovative as well.Of course the movie has some usual cinematic scenes. If the world accepts over-cinematic scenes in Chinese movies in the name of Tai-Chi & Kung-Fu and in English movies in the name of self-sacrificing scenes, why not Baahubali have it in Indian style to provoke the emotions for the rise of a hero.This is how the Indian movie will be and it won't change and it should not change for ever. Kudos to the director Raja Mouli.
2 out of 5 

"Baahubali by S.S Rajamouli directed the film which take 3 years to complete the both part 1 and part 2 movie.The hard work of Prabhas and all Baahubali teams make profit from the beginning of the movie.Young Prabhas play main lead role as well as Aanuska Shetty.In the Baahubali movie the the character name is given in different way then the others movie which really fit for the character of this film.The Beginning of the Baahubali movie cross 463 cores that is really like by audience and Prabhas fans.''Baahubali'' movie is with the full of action and emotion .The budget invest for this movie is 250 cores which is expensive movie in India film industries.I loved to watch Baahubali movie and all Prabhas fans also enjoy with the movie.S.S Rajamouli sir is an brilliant and smart director of Telugu film industries.The Baahubali team announce to release Baahubali 2 in 2016 but the particular date is not fixed and also S.S Rajamouli sir have a pressure on trying to change on script.Lets wait for Baahubali 2 which is the conclusion of this movies and lets hope this will make money then the Beginning.
2 out of 5 

Thanks to ss rajamouli for nice movie and mm keeravani or mm kreem for nice musicwhat a movie. Liked three characters a lot from the movie.Prabhas as sivudu outstanding.( hero hoto aaisa) pabhas as baahubali (Kattappa why u killed Baahubali? lets see in part 2) Rana as Bhalladeva (what a acting.Villain hoto aaisa) Satyaraj as Kattappa ( played a main part in the film )The song Manohari song is wow Its not a movie its an visual experience. Like it or hate it but not you have to see the movie once before you dieP.S-Don't compare with Hollywood its an Indian film from Indian to the global audience.
2 out of 5 

story: evil forces and the godly forces are the two prime elements of any world or any story. "Baahubali - The Beginning" has also got a story that comes under the same route. Inspired from the great Indian epics like Ramayana and MahaBharatham. But since this is the beginning, it gives us the taste of evilness and introduces the power which can kill it. Analysis: On a whole baahubali is a movie to go and watch on bigger screen to get thrilled with it's visuals and bgm. but the only disappointment is it's week screenplay in first half. Hope rajamouli comes out with much better second part. But for now this has completely justified the tagline "The Beginning" and we can proudly say this is our very own Indian cinema in Hollywood standards. If you haven't watched still go and watch it on big screen if possible in qube digital. Kindly don't encourage piracy
2 out of 5 

To all the people who gave a negative talk and reviews for this movie, before you go to the movie or if you have already seen it, SS Rajamouli the director of this film directs stories what his father writes, all his previous movies specially the famous "eega" and "maghadeera" he already told what the story was even before he released the movie, his stories are all simple-to-the-point. The story is about two "cousin" brothers of which bahubali(prabhas) being the good one and bhalladeva(rana) being the antagonist, have differences in opinions(which will be revealed in part-2) and devasena(anushka) being bahubali's wife and their son "shivudu"(also played by prabhas). Part-1 where shivudu goes to the mahishmati kingdom and meets avantika(tamanna) and falls in love with her and helps her in releasing devasena who is kept in prison by bhalladeva and then shivudu gets to know his past and wants to find out how his father(bahubali) died. The part1 is just an intro of the characters.. the graphics are mind blowing for the budget for an Indian movie.. yes we from India are just having these baby steps into a movie which has Hollywood like graphics and infrastructure so no wrong in giving a positive review for the attempt they made to show the world cinema what we are capable of. Being the first of its kind, i appreciate the hard work of the entire team to come up with such VFX for this film.. the war sequences are excellent..i do not say they have copied from movies like LOTR or 300, when you are recreating the past the monuments, the structures, the war sequences, the swords and weapons..it all matters on how you show them and Rajamouli and team were successful in doing so. My rating 9/10
2 out of 5 

Have been following Baahubali ever since the project was announced almost 3 years ago. The build up towards the launch was crazy and insane. The wait was well worth it and the film managed to live beyond my expectations.Baahubali is a Indian historical fantasy set in the beautiful landscapes filled with sky-high waterfalls, lush greenery, magnificent structures and awe-inspiring city called mahishmati. The storyline of rivalry between brothers and fight for the throne is nothing new, but what sets this movie apart is the story-telling and the visual narration.Director has given ample screen space for the main characters such as sivagami, kattappa, baahubali (son & father), ballaladeva, bijjaladeva, avanthika, kalakeya and devasena and etches them in the minds of the audience with compelling episodes. All the actors have literally lived their roles. The movie starts off slowly but gathers momentum rapidly and ends with an intense battle sequence. The movie ends on a suspense note and makes you eagerly wait for the concluding part. The characterization of the invading army was very innovative.There are few moments in the movie that leaves you awestruck such as the giant- statue-installation scene, the bull-fight, headless body walking scene and the entire battle sequence that lasts for good 30 minutes.The movie falls short in few areas. For example, the item song is totally un-necessary. What I don't understand is that why would a director so audacious and visionary does not want to leave out the stuff that does not naturally fit in the scheme of narration. I guess it's too big a risk to leave out the mass audience. Apart from this, there were few instances where the continuity was breaking or the transitions were abrupt. But the movie makes up for these minor drawbacks with a mighty impact on you as walk out of the movie hall.The costume designs, structures, war strategies, languages spoken and the weapons used in the movie are well-researched and extremely detailed. The background music beautifully strengthens the narrative.Overall, this is a rare masterpiece from an Indian film-maker. I cannot wait for the concluding part to arrive.Baahubali has set a new gold standard for the Indian cinema.
2 out of 5 

Some stupids who don't have proper base to judge what is right or wrong and what is good or bad are saying that baahubali didn't reach their expectations.Actually problem is with them not in the movie.I have seen hundred's of Hollywood movies-many historical , scientifical ---movies.But Rajamouli intellectually handled very well -the rivalry and competition between brothers and war between maahishmati and kalakeya simulteneously.This is really very very hard.No hoollywood/bollywood---any wood movie can ever handle it in such a way.I have a lot to say about movie--Armour design , avalanche ,Hero running style ,Hero drawing(tattoo or whatever called) on heroin on tree and in water,------,But share with you soon.Thanks to Rajamouli---------------rajamouli-------------- rajamouli--------------.
2 out of 5 

Only one simple word explains it all-An EPIC.Like Mahabhaaratha and Raamayana epics which stand tall in Hindu epic stories, Baahubali stands as tallest one among all Indian movies in almost all aspects. As a close observer of film making I can imagine how much struggle that Baahubali team has faced to create this epic and hats off to them. They have to imagine each shot with VFX and has to shoot accordingly-which needs pure intelligence and patience. And they succeeded because I understood and felt each and every shot as an EPIC. As a tollywood lover I followed all updates of this movie from past three years which made me to write this big review by giving time to it.Some simple things which I wanna share are-1. I'm very proud that our telugu movie has shown the world that entertainment in India means not only bollywood but there is tollywood also. Once Sr. NTR does that and again Rajamouli doing that. Rajamouli should never stop doing direct telugu movies even though he does a Hollywood or bollywood project in future.2. After 20 years, My father ( Cinema goer during Sr. NTR times) and mom saw a movie in theater with out anybody's force but with true anxiety and love towards Baahubali. Thanks to Rajamouli for making this happen. I think this simple thing is enough to know what is "Baahubali".Coming to Movie-The beginning part-My Last Movie this Year in India as I'm leaving to US for My MS- Its the greatest gift I got from Rajamouli. Some remarks even though I rate it as 10/10 are:1.*************** When Amarendra Baahubali jumps into valley to catch some person by throwing rope to Bhalla,,the travel after catching and before catching that person doesn't seems like true,,it clearly says it as unfinished CG work there and all surrounding valley locations are not finished well and It should have been better.2.*************** As a song for listening 'Manohari' song is superb number but I dint expected that as Item song and that Item song choreography disturbed the mood of movie even though there are some innovative steps but I and whole theater felt disturbed from that song. As Bhalla hasn't fully turned into villain upto that song, putting some dance steps for him in that song wont go wrong I think and it would have covered the bore in that song if you had shown two dancing handsome hunks Prabhas and Rana in same frame for at least some seconds by sending Rana for finding that required person after some dancing.3.*************** During war, after the start of "Thrishuula Tantram" or something method which was announced by kattappa in the movie, Prabhas suddenly comes in his horse with his soldiers after looking to flag which indicates to start that method where I felt like continuity is missing after previous shot because there are no signs to his soldiers and from where he got horses suddenly. It would have been better if director has kept that shot after showing from top angle how that method is being started since they showed its implementation style in previous scenes where they plan for war with proto type toys.These are what I observed after watching the movie two times on July 10th itself and I beg pardon if there are any spoilers and wrong points.I'm very happy that finally Rana Daggubati got craze all over India with this movie and got identification all over world because almost every telugu guy who meets me will end the conversation by saying like "You are looking like Rana. Both of your physical and facial features are almost same. Do you have any direct relation with their family? Both of your spectacles design are also same man. So, we can send you for Baahubali shooting". But Seriously speaking,, WE ARE STUNNED AFTER SEEING BHALLALADEVA's acting as we saw him doing this much of performance for first time because we all already know the capacities of all legend actors in this movie. All The Best and Congrats Team BAAHUBALI. We want more EPICs.------------- Pavan Kumar Kata
2 out of 5 

I am no film critic and this is the review of the most happening movie of recent times, ‪#Baahubali‬, from an average cine-goer who laughs, becomes emotional, pumps up Adrenalin, swears at the bad guys etc based on the situation.Please do not read this review or even watch the movie if you are a critic who swears by the brilliance of Hollywood movies. Please do not read this review if you constantly feel that Telugu directors lack originality and always dish out masala movies. Otherwise, read on.... I will grade the movie just like our children get graded in schools instead of revealing the plot.Prabhas: A-. His dialogue delivery and emotions could have been better. He earns a high grade for his screen presence and Baahubalisque build! Rana: A: He is a revelation perfectly and suited the antagonist role Ramya Krishna: A+. She is full of brilliance Satyaraj: A. Did full justice to his important role Tamanna: B+. She is stunningly beautiful as an angel but falls short in war scenes and such Anushka and Nazar: Did their part and not much to do. Will not grade them Rajamouli (Direction and Screenplay): A+: He is a visionary! To imagine is one thing and to execute with such perfection is another!! Hats off, sir! Keeravani (Music and BGM): A-. BGM set the pace for the movie, but I felt that the songs fell short Senthil (Cinematography): A+. He "painted" and "rendered" like a Picaso and a Mozart. The waterfall and war scenes take you to an another level Peter Hein (Action): A. War Scenes, duh! Story: B. This is where the movie falls short. Not much to rave about. We have see many more riveting, edge-of-the seat stories and this one isn't one of them In short, this is a must-watch-in-theaters for all (average) movie buffs like me. Overall grade: A (Not A+ for the lack of wow factor in the story)
2 out of 5 

Myself being a hardcore movie fan, have always expected much more than what Indian cinema could deliver. I have always felt that the movies in India were made for one purpose and one purpose only, box office collection, without any stress on originality and dedication on the movie script. But this July, man I was proved wrong, not once but twice, in a single weekend. Saw the Hindi dubbed version of Baahubali - The Beginning & Bajrangi Bhaijaan back to back and I am still not able to decide which one of these could I call the greatest creation of the box-office-centric Indian commercial cinema industry. Both the movies deliver on both aspects, quality and masaala. Both the filmmakers have proved that a movie can be a huge box-office success without senseless stunts and unnecessary romance. In simple words, all I can say is that please do not miss watching any of these two movies on the big screen, the way they were made to be watched.
2 out of 5 

yeah!the movie is OK but not great.Mr.Rajamouli usually takes old stories and just amplifies the emotions and present it to the audience,including "eega" where the story and screenplay are routine but the hero character was played by a housefly making it fun to watch. he does the same in this movie. the actual success regarding this movie is "the monetization" .the marketing team were very successful in creating hype and capitalizing it. some news channels did broadcast that the movie print was not given to theater which didn't agree to raise the minimum ticket cost to Rs.300 .this shows their capitalistic stunt.so the filmmakers are offering same old story same old screenplayhigh definition visuals but not as good as Hollywood,there are many Indian made movies with equal visual quality and far better story and screenplayand want the audience to pay 5-10 times the usual ticket cost.and it is funny to see some posts saying"it takes Indian film to next level"..but they don't realize its not the movie quality but the ticket cost that did risei thought IMDb reviews are good.but seeing a 9.2 rating for this film proved me i am wrong about IMDb.
4 out of 14 

So Baahubali came after a long wait....was I excited to see it ?....yes because his previous one Eega was a film of pure entertainment....and so I went in for this one....wow this is the synonym of "tryin hard and going no where".....even I don't know wat I just said....9.3 in IMDb...hmmmm...WAT THE HELL HAPPENED ?.....sexist,racist,"SUPER'heroic....this was taking the action from LOTR and 300 and fusing them together to get a typical Telugu disaster.....now the gud thing..Satyaraj...he was the real bad ass...just awesome...but even he couldn't save this one.....P.s- kinda liked the climax...:-)
3 out of 10 

Not up to the mark movie. First half was boring. 2nd half was entertaining. Overall its a OK movie. Vfx visuals were used more than required. They represented Prabhas as as a superman, Spiderman, Hulk. Seriously this isn't we asked for. Prabhas acting was good. Ramya Krishnan acting was superb. Rana Daggubati did a great job. Prabhakar was seriously awesome. His acting skills were extraordinary. Loved his character. Does this movie really deserve so much high rating? Or is it just because of fan boys who are giving it a perfect 10 score? How this film got this much of rating in IMDb , I think people might not seen other 300, gladiator , Hercules and so on. I mean what was so special about this movie? Yes, it had better CGI than maybe any other Indian film. But other than that, everything about this movie is worst. Bad direction, a bad screenplay and an over the top acting. I don't know how anyone who has seen even just mediocre movies in their lives can say that this movie is a masterpiece? Instead of blindly following the fan-craze, I wanna know objectively what was so great about this movie that it is called a masterpiece.
3 out of 10 

The movie is pretty good. It gets very engrossing after the intermission. Has quite realistic CGI, considering the fact that the budget is a lot less compared to Hollywood movies which heavily rely on CGI, this is like our Mars mission: extract as much as you can from the available resources.Except for one item song, this movie does not resort to too much of romance, masala and/or silly comedy, like many other Indian movies. One can also sense how it is inspired by a lot of things: 300, Tarzan and Hindu mythology; and that ain't really a bad thing. It stays true to the theme and sucks you into the fictional world. Has some interesting and innovative war tactics.Ends at a cliffhanger and will surely make you wait for the next part!
3 out of 10 

Do not over expect and go to the theater, especially NRI's. Definitely a visual treat for Indian movie, but c'mon don't we have Hollywood movies for this visual retreat??The content is not enough for Part 1, if both the parts are combined it would have generated a better impact.Do not over expect and go to the theater, especially NRI's. Definitely a visual treat for Indian movie, but c'mon don't we have Hollywood movies for this visual retreat??The content is not enough for Part 1, if both the parts are combined it would have generated a better impact.
7 out of 35 

In a land far away from the tyranny of oppressors in Mahishmati, a young boy once again prepares to scale the cascading waterfalls that tower over his home. These falls possibly lead to a land unknown to his folk, thus his mother's concern over her adopted child's obsession to explore. Years later, the grown man obsessively pursues his imagination of a fair maiden through the far reaches of the mountain's daunting elevations, only to end up in a kingdom that needed saving. Little did he know of his past and the implications of his return to Mahishmati, that has been under the rule of a terrorizing King, who in turn had wrongfully made it to the throne but the young man who grew up as Shivudu, must embrace his original identity and claim succession to the throne as Baahubali. The much acclaimed telugu film director S.S. Rajamouli brings us the first of two chapters of an epic that draws inspiration from the likes of Mahabharat. There is no doubt whatsoever that this is the benchmark for films of epic nature in Indian cinema. Once you get past the romance and character intros, you will be in awe of the sheer magnitude of Rajamouli's imaginative storytelling that takes you back to the glorious years of Mahishmati when a young prince rose to greatness.Shivudu (Prabhas) grows up with his adoptive family at the foot of the daunting mountains and his curiosity for the world above leads him up top after repeated attempts since his childhood. The beauty and lure of its people, specifically Avanthika (Tamannah) keeps him intrigued and he soon discovers that she is a part of a rebel company that plans on rescuing former Queen Devasena (Anuskha Shetty) from the clutches of the evil King Bhallaladeva (Rana Daggubatti). The mysteriously faithful Katappa (Satyaraj) honors the king with the erection of a grand statue that is a cause for celebration for the pompous king. However, Shivudu's timely appearance creates a furor among the slaves of Mahishmati and apprehension among the royalty. Soon enough, he attempts a daring rescue of Devasena, only to be pursued by Katappa's men and in a streak of violence, beheads the young prince of Bhallaladeva. Witnessing a familiar indomitable warrior spirit before him, Katappa realizes that Shivudu is none other than the son of Amarendra Baahubali. The film turns into epic mode in the flashback that relates to the dynamics between cousins Amarendra and Bhallaladeva. While they had mutual respect and admiration for each other, Bhallaladeva's father always sowed the seeds of jealousy and insecurity in him. The result was competitiveness in the battlefield against a common enemy that was at their gates, threatening the very existence of Mahishmati. The Kalakeya army is a menacing creation by the film-makers and with their own language, they are almost as intimidating as the Uruk- hai. This epic battle is what makes Baahubali the 540 crore smashing masterpiece that it is. There may be inspirations from other big battle sequences from Hollywood but most of the sequences are unique in conception and flawless in execution. Make no mistake, this is Indian cinema at its remarkable best. Sivagami (Ramya) has promised the throne to the one who kills the enemy's leader and the people's favorite Baahubali will have to prove that he is more than just a warrior.Prabhas' efforts in adapting to the characters of Shivudu and Baahubali have resulted in him not only looking like the mighty warrior but his understanding of their back-stories makes him a credible protagonist. The range of emotions, his demeanor as the young Prince and his learned skills in the battle work brilliantly together for a solid, heroic performance. Rana Daggubatti makes a malicious villain and in a movie of this scale, the antagonist must seem more powerful than the hero. Rana's brawn and cunning lend credibility to the negative character that will hopefully play an even bigger role in the conclusion. Anuskha Shetty and Ramya are excellent in their roles of the strong women in an otherwise male-dominated film. Tamannah looks gorgeous as the rebel Avanthika and has executed some fighting skills competently. Kattappa is possibly everyone's favorite character owing to his loyalty and mysterious allegiance to Bhallaladeva. The climax puts him in the spotlight of discussions after the movie and his grey character is just an exemplary portrayal by the much accomplished, Satyaraj.Vijayendra Prasad's story and Rajamouli's screenplay make an intriguing epic. Although it has drawn some inspiration from the Mahabharata in terms of the family rivalry, it holds its own depth and engagement for the viewer. The final twist is exciting enough to justify mass hysteria for the second installment. Barring some of the banal love saga, the film offers few loose ends. Although the numerous songs certainly slacken the pace of an otherwise tight screenplay. The production and art design are very detailed and the use of visual effects to depict the city only make things more credible for the period film. The intricate costumes and weapons match the epic look of each scene and this level of commitment by the film-makers reminds us of none other than Peter Jackson.In a feat never before achieved by native cinema, Rajamouli will pull off another huge success when the conclusion of this tale releases in theaters next year. Fans will be eagerly awaiting more revelation of the plot line as well as big battles. Baahubali: The Beginning makes a huge impression for viewers of Hindi cinema who would normally typecast their counterparts from the south. Unanimously, people have concluded that this is a grand representation of the best of Indian cinema, rather than of a particular language or territory. You owe it a viewing just for that.9.213 on a scale of 1-10.
2 out of 6 

This is just for those who gave low star rating ----------------------------------------- Hollywood churns out Epic scale drama's year after year, Pseudo Intellectuals in India watch and appreciate them. When a similar attempt is made in India with total Indian sensibilities they can't accept. Most of the Hollywood period drama's are emotionless VFX epics, you can easily nit pick 100's of faults in each of those movies. But those Pseudo's excuse all those and even give it a classic status. Where as a movie like Bahubali, you dissect and ridicule every minute detail of it. Watch the movie objectively and you will find it on par with those Hollywood classics.
2 out of 6 

Based on the books he read as a kid and his father's stories and ideas, the Ace Director S.S.Rajamouli creates a what called magnum Visual Wonder. The Story based on a simple war between two brothers, gets drowned into a perfect screenplay and well edited War sequences. The Performances of the Actors are good, special mention to the Emotions carried out as expected in the Director's usual. The songs are good but the major addition is the awesome Background scores by the Music Director M.M.Keeravani especially in the War sequences. Coming to the visual effects, they are apt for the projected Budget for an Indian movie.Though some frames showcase some awful effects, but the first half of the film encasing some beautiful locations and the Avalanche will stun you, especially the war sequences will make you awestruck for the well scripted plots and BGMs. The only drawback being an unnecessary inclusion of an Item number in the later half, only to satisfy some crazy peopleFinal verdict: This is a Wholesome Watchful movie, for the wonderful Visual effects and for S.S.Rajamouli touch.
2 out of 6 

A very good movie to start with. Excellent story no doubt about that cast was good too as acting was good. Which was most applaudable about this movie is its animation in some awesome scenes. Everything is good in this movie. Some animations of scenes were not believable here and there (not many) just a few like in that war they were killing and bodies were flying I mean to say that this is a very good movie so they should have worked hard with those scenes and if they weren't able to better them then they should have changed to something else I mean it was a war and everything was nice about this movie but those few or very few scenes lacked quality animation was only thing bugged me a little. In all we should go and watch this movie in PVRS and theatre or DT and enjoy this one so we can encourage Indian cinema a little to push for this kind of stuff because I don't really like those movies they are making these days. They just make lame movies with same lame story and stuff. No quality whatsoever to boast bout Indian Cinema. Some drama movies like OMG, PK etc are good but in action and adventure genre we are far behind with quality. Anyways good movie go and have fun watching.
2 out of 6 

A movie of epic proportions. The riveting affect this cinema has on me is spellbound. The music, the scenes linger on your mind for some time. Enjoy the pure brilliance only at a theater. The CGI is exceptional and looks very real.Even though I am fan of Salman Khan, Iam vouching for this movie because of the exemplary effort put forth by the team. Hope Bajrangi and Baahubali box office collections are not mutually exclusive. Post this movie, Rs. 200 crores box office collection looks very simple and may create a new benchmark.Very excited to see the reaction of internal audience once it releases across territories.
2 out of 6 

One request please wipe off the bollywood khans and make tollywood or south wood as Indian film industry!! BAHUBALI IS THE ABSOLUTE EPIC!! ONCE IN A LIFE TIME MOVIE. God bless Rajamouli sir!! God bless the entire team. One request please wipe off the bollywood khans and make tollywood or south wood as Indian film industry!! BAHUBALI IS THE ABSOLUTE EPIC!! ONCE IN A LIFE TIME MOVIE. God bless Rajamouli sir!! God bless the entire team. God bless Rajamouli sir!! God bless the entire team. God bless Rajamouli sir!! God bless the entire team. One request please wipe off the bollywood khans and make tollywood or south wood as Indian film industry!! BAHUBALI IS THE ABSOLUTE EPIC!! ONCE IN A LIFE TIME MOVIE. God bless Rajamouli sir!! God bless the entire team. One request please wipe off the bollywood khans and make tollywood or south wood as Indian film industry!! BAHUBALI IS THE ABSOLUTE EPIC!! ONCE IN A LIFE TIME MOVIE. God bless Rajamouli sir!! God bless the entire team. God bless Rajamouli sir!! God bless the entire team. God bless Rajamouli sir!! God bless the entire team.
2 out of 6 

This is the milestone from the Indian makers esp. from Telugu film industry who made the film a visual treat , a proud moment for people here to achieve this milestone.All the artists hard-work paid off with excellence, this is the first movie from Our side to surpass all the records in India and also overseas and one of the first Indian movie has been rated BEST from all the criticView visuals will feel you @international standards and first time setup.Go and watch it for once in your lifetime and would say an EPIC.
2 out of 6 

If you have grown up reading children's version of Ramayana, Mahabharata and other Indian comic books, and have always felt that why isn't someone in Indian cinema creating one of those epic stories fit for a big screen? Well Bahubali is your answer, it takes several key aspects from the comic versions of epic Indian scriptures and creates a fantastic story line, that most Indians can very easily understand and immerse themselves in breathtaking on screen narration and visuals. Director and the team have done a fantastic job in creating this epic Indian cinema. No words of praise can do justice to their effort, dedication and creativity.However, I saw director Sri Rajmouli's interview on ibn that he is waiting to hear any feed back in the next few weeks, that could help him and the team improve on things for the conclusion of this epic story. So I am sharing some of my observations here, not sure if any of his team members will get this or not, but I have to try.***Spoiler ALERT **** Since its a period war story and is totally fictitious, I don't care about logic and historical accuracy, but editing, I do expect a better job. One of the points in the story line where I felt a need for better editing was during the scene where Sivudu and Avanthika romance it up in the snow garden and then the scene abruptly cuts into Mahismati kingdom, where Bijjaladeva is reviewing the arrangements for the inauguration of kings statue in the city center. I felt that the smoothness or scene to scene connectivity was completely lost in that aspect of story narration. Instead if the make out scene was followed by Avanthika leaving sivudu and the rest of the snow fight scene, it would have been a smooth flow of the story line. As for the scene about Bijjaladeva reviewing the arrangements for the inauguration of king's statue could have been placed right after the kings bull fight scene, leading into the introduction of devasena. I am not by any standards the go to guy for story connectivity, but hopefully the team can stitch up the scenes in a well connected fashion for the conclusion, which I can't wait to see.Also I feel like the movie is spectacular for Indian audience, however it may not be well received by average joe in western world. Reason, they simply don't appreciate a tough guy dancing around with his love interest around trees, especially a prince unless its a Disney movie. Tough guys in Hollywood flicks lack dancing and poetic abilities period, they tend to keep things simple, fight, make out and out wit the enemy. So it might be a hard sell to the average joe from the western world. Hoping that Rajmouli Sir can bridge that gap and make a movie that charms the average Joe from western world and Average Ram/Rahim/Joe from India thus taking Indian cinema truly to the world stage. Good Luck.
2 out of 6 

A mind blowing Indian EPIC .Really it is.S.S.Rajamouli with such storytelling . an W O W ..visual spectacle . #Prabhas and #Tamannah with such good acting ... A film which created a benchmark for Indian Cinema ...Its so good that it will get the viewer attached to his seat...visually artistic .Especially the war creation in an Indian studio! Really!It really remembered me of Troy.The set looks so real.The scene containing tamannah where prabhas follows her ,in one word "enchanting".Songs are also very good as I watched Hindi dubbed one ,it really didn't seem dubbed as the story-line will fix your eye on the screen with so good visual effects and cinematography. S.S Rajamouli created a movie that every Indian should be proud of. Must See for all .... will definitely eagerly wait for the next part ... will u?
2 out of 6 

Very good movie. I was expecting something like this when Aayirathil Oruvan was released back then in 2008/9. More attractive was the use of archaic Tamil pronunciation in the Tamil version and this effort by the director and related units is commendable. Telugu cinema is a massive industry and these kind of movie and budget is the one those people were lacking. With the release of Baahubali it is more attractive and complete. The music is OK but the BGM is the one that stole my heart.The portrayal of some fast paced scene is awesome and more attraction is by the set and the graphics applied on it. Story telling was first class. For the first time the graphics look something like Hollywood graphics and it is not irritating for the common unrealistic nature in most Tamil movies. Even we can spot some artificialness in graphics applied on Enthiran but it is not the case here. The war scene is satisfying. Let's hope upcoming Ponniyan Selvan can do equally or much better.
2 out of 6 

Super acting by Prbhas, RamyaKrishna and Rana. Very good direction by Rajamouli. It holds the audience attention through the entire episode of war. Liked the sets created for the palace. Its a visual Delight. Thoroughly enjoyed the movie.Director has done a very good job in creating the suspense in climax for the second version. Story is very good the screenplay is could have been better in first half. It is going to be a movie remembered for generations. Proud Indian Cinema.Overall very good movie. Must watch!! This is my first review. This movie is not just a south Indian movie but going to be the Best movie of Indian Cinema.
2 out of 6 

Baahubali l The Beginning is almost a heroic, attractive, and wholly entertaining visual exhibition!Review by: http://fb.com/iAlekhyaDasThe story revolves around a powerful young man named Shiva, who unwittingly converts into a protector for a Kingdom he never knew was his. His return to his nation is the commencement of a bout against the sins.Basically, the story is a revenge story filled with some melodrama, but Baahubali is something else. This film is praised to be the most extravagant creation in the history of Indian cinema.The cons of Baahubali- 1. Typical melodrama. 2. Unnecessary lovemaking 3. Some action scenes are really too much. The hero does some Mission Impossible n Furious 7 mixed actions! 4. The story in some places.The pros of Baahubali Almost everything else 1. VFX VFX VFX 2. Theacting is quite good 3. Great BGM 4. Cinematography 5. Stunts except some haphazard ones 6. Direction 7. The courage to make such a movieOverall, I would say, this is a magnificent effort to have an Indian movie like the '300'. I never enjoyed a dubbed South Indian movie like this. Go watch it for its war sequences, i.e. The second half to be fair and square. Kudos to the notion of making movies like this. Don't watch it on your computer by downloading it. Go watch it on the big screen to enjoy it in a big way.
2 out of 6 

one among many of those who have come to IMDb to rate Bahubali..and I'm happy to see it rated at top of the charts..and since the movie deserves to b at the top to show people across the world that there's an Indian movie which has attempted to match Hollywood standards..the support it got from Indians across the globe is tremendous despite of it not being a khan movie..it need not b a khan movie to top the Indian charts at BO..the director deserves a thunderous applause for his brilliance and his confidence that an Indian movie can make any huge budget film and retrieve back all money..after all we r 1.3 B population
2 out of 6 

Wow! what a film this film is one of the most brilliant films ever written by man and i for one was literally stoked from the star. the film was just awesome in every sense and i really loved the plot, it had some great cliff hangers and great and classic scenes where the main character became himself more and you just fell in love with him so on that basis i would class this film as one of the all time greats and if you haven't seen it yet, go out and must watch it because you won't be disappointed at all, believe you me. Yet the film keeps pulling you back with its sense of striving humanity slowly turning the tables against evil.
2 out of 6 

First of all, it is taking Indian cinema to Esteem levels i.e Hollywood. The Rajamouli shown and taken up movie into a level to create records all time. This movie is ultimate with the VFX visuals and story in first half, and extraordinary with War fight on second half with suspense. The people who likes Hollywood movies like Troy,300,Gladiator types will definitely likes this movie. Rajamouli linked this movie with people life by character wise with all elements like Love,Romance,Ego,Attitude,Domination,Selfishness etc.. One more thing i can say that so many people are questioned about item song "the director clearly took that song as a part of story which deviates everyone to him and asked Bhallaladeva to find-out the rogue" (people are ignored the logic on that).Finally i gave 10 out of 10 because i loved n enjoyed a lot this movie for both Graphics and Story with well ended suspense to wait for 2nd part.
2 out of 6 

This movie, from our land of spices, is served with everything you might need or want or expect in a typical Epic blockbuster. yup i too had goosebumps in some scenes.Performance wise, what an amazing actors like Ramya, Rana and Prabhas. everyone wholeheartedly believed in their characters, and they proved their potential. Prabhas actually seemed like he could kill all enemies, his every sword move was looking like it can take someone's head away, great great performance by Prabhas and Rana. Tammanna is damn cute in this movie even her acting is too good. Ramyakrishnan's role is awesome and can give five stars for her performane. As i am a Tamil guy became a big fan of Telugu cinema just because of Director Rajamoulee.
2 out of 6 

Most awaited movie met the expectations with Indian mythological Story, excellent background music and beautiful Visual effects.Can not compare with any other films..as it has set its own way of showing what an Indian movie is and what a Tollywood (telugu) movie is with international standards.As most of the people compare it with Hollywood movies like Hercules and 300... personally i felt those films might be good at few action scenes but definitely overall below to Bahubali in any other aspects.This movie is a Full meals with Love,Emotion, Action, History, Heritage in it.Hats off to Raja Mouli,Prabhas, Rana, Anushka, Tamanna, Ramya Krishna, Satyaraj and all the Bahubali Team for your wonderful job.
2 out of 6 

People might write some flaws in the Movie but the only thing Matters is Entertainment and its an Entertaining Film.....why point out mistakes.....its a Movie....Awesome Fantastic Classic and a Movie to be Cherished forever as the First answer to any Hollywood Flick...A Masterpiece which its Actors also were Unaware that it will be the Biggest Film of their Career....Prabhas Rana Ramya Anushka Satyaraj Rocked with their performance....the main Hero of the film were its Special Effects the Set etc. Music department was not up to the mark and Songs in the film were not at all required they slowed down the thrill...Tamanna was not suitable for the job she looked trying hard to look tough but failed Nasser on the other hand was at its best....Must watch if you want to see our very own Indian Hollywood Film
2 out of 6 

Bahubali, directed by SS Rajamouli, is a big, sweeping epic that runs for close to 2 hours and 40 minutes. Spanning generations, going back and forth between the present and the past, alternating between vastly contrasting landscapes, it's an ambitious work from a visionary filmmaker who skillfully blends a tale of old school palace politics with modern VFX to deliver a consistently watchable blockbuster.Last 45 min of the movie(Battle) explains the management theory Like identifying strength & weakness of problem(enemy),Analyzing own skills, Proper planning & execution, delegation of work, proper utilization of available resources, motivation to team and finally perfect judgment to select the king(HOD)....What a great movie...
2 out of 6 

Amazing!! Hats off to Rajamouli Sir.. You took our Indian Cinema to the next level. Very international... We wish this film bags all awards in each and every department.Baahubali is way ahead in Visual Effects and Graphics, and content and has caught the interest right from the first frame. The director knows that mere effects and visuals are not enough to tell a good story and he has used graphics only where he needs it. If you have seen Rudramadevi trailer - you know what an amateurish, mess it is. The end shot in the trailer of Baahubali of the baby being carried through the water - sealed its superiority. This is going to be the biggest historical of the 21st century in Indian Cinema.its an awesome movie. After watching its starting now I can say Indian movie has upgrade enough . This movie is full with special effects .Full entertainment .
2 out of 6 

Extra ordinary piece of work from Rajamouli, prabas, rana, ramyakrishna n each n every cast. It is really a visual treat for movie lovers. It is beyond any Hollywood films. It exceeds the IMDb ratings of many good Hollywood films.It will be definitely a best gross earner for Indian films. In the race to break all the records from various film industries.All the very best team. Get ready for awards rain and best of luck for Oscar nomination.Awaiting for the Baahubali The Conclusion( part-II). We cannot image how the second part would be. We are extremely patienceless to wait till next part. Please help us with next part asap.
2 out of 6 

The best movie...its a grand movie. you cannot simply ignore it. The opening scene was breath taking followed by the magnificent VFX and CGI images. literally a treat to watch in big screen.The scene where Kattapa sees Baahubali amidst dark,thunderous weather...that scene was awestruck...not to forget ever the 30 minutes war scenes were such a beauty. everyone would love it.I m not a south Indian...but i cheered,shouted in a lot of scenes.. Hats off SS Rajamouli n team for a grand movie. The costliest ever Indian movie and it shows.. Loved it thoroughly
2 out of 6 

After many years a super duper blockbuster movie had came... It is complete package of entertainment... It has a good story...A Very good concept...A Very awesome graphics... For the whole time in the Cineplex for a single time i not get bored... You can't get bored by watching the movie.. I hope this movie will collect a good budget... A Indian movie that can be a good competitor in front of Hollywood.. This type of movie can be seen very fer times ....This movie deserve good ratings.. You should watch... This Indian movie was a revolution for the Indian cinemas... A great history... Waiting for the next part of the movie in 2016...
2 out of 6 

In a time when Indian cinema has embraced the worst of CGI effects and decided to make all action sequences lose all semblance of reality and make them all something out the Matrix. Baahubali comes along and makes the very same CGI effects cool again.Right off the bat, for the people who upon seeing the film might find it over the top and outrageous. The film is a Tollywood film (from South Indian cinema) and thus bound to have certain theatrics that might seem odd to a lot of cinema-goers. Despite all of the theatrics, Baahubali is a fast paced, riveting action packed drama that will entertain and tantalize your senses with breathtaking scenic vistas, amazing depictions of great cities of ancient India and fight sequences that will make you wonder if you are watching an Indian movie or something out of LOTR.S.S. Rajamouli has yet again done a brilliant job directing this movie with Prabhas or Shiva/Baahubali playing the charismatic hero and Rana Duggubati playing Bhalladeva the conniving and power hungry anti-hero.Even though the movie is great overall, it seems that Indian cinema has still not reached a stage where mainstream movies can altogether drop the song and dance sequence. So there is an item number which is quite jarring and should have been cut. However that is the extent of what could be considered a flaw.The movie ends on a cliffhanger that will make you hunger for the sequel and wish that 2016 would get here sooner.Go watch this movie without fail. It is one of the best movies that has come out of Indian cinema in recent times and a gigantic leap forwards in the genre as well. You will enjoy it!
2 out of 6 

Having created so much of a hype and going through some early non sense reviews I was fearing that Baahubali will be a big let down, thank god I was wrong and the movie was good and I was happy while I walked out. Having said that, a movie of this magnitude should have been more perfect (to Rajamouli's own standards). Especially I felt the introduction of most of its characters was hurried and lacked the punch that it was supposed to be. Looks like spending too much time of pre-production and other preparations took its toll on the screen play. Introduction of the main hero was spectacular, but hurried and unconvincing. So was the introduction of both the heroines, they lacked the punch and goose bump moments that they were supposed to be. Finally the Villain character was also not so convincingly menacing (Ranadev bhilla's character gave me goose bumps when he was introduced in Magadheera, that was my benchmark here as well). Only Ramya's character had a good introduction, and even there her drowning was not so convincing to me. Even the romance between Avantika and Shivudu was hurried and looked like a one night stand to me. (compare this to the chemistry of the lovers in Magadheera) However, the brick bats end here. Having done with the intro's and after the first 30-40 minutes through tho movie as the main plot is introduced it get better and feels like a normal Rajamouli movie. Now coming to the bouquets, 9 out of 10 review are heaping praises, agree with them and don't want to repeat them again. The production quality and SFX were world class and extravagant and can only make Indian cinema proud and set a higher bench mark. The the director has done well to create and retain the enough suspense for the conclusion part.My rating is 8/10.I Only hope is that the director able to handle this success and able to deliver even better movies in years to come, and not fall into a over budget stereotype.Though this story is a fiction and may be based on some folklore my belief that Indian cinema can take inspirations from our culture and literature and epics and produce world class movies like troy or fictions like avatar, and conquer more and newer audience and markets and in the language which they understand (read as English). We will get there some day.
2 out of 6 

In one word this movie is simply MIND- BLOWING.This movie sets a benchmark in the field of visual effects in Indian cinema.Each and very frame of the film boasts of visual mastery.In another words,This is the grandest film,India has ever produced. Not just visuals,the film is rich in every field.Plot of the film is very good.The screenplay is fast paced and enchanting.There are not many unnecessary scenes or subplots.Right from the first scene,the movie hits the bullseye.Yes,some scenes are over-the-top and outrageous still those scenes contains an exquisite charm.The narration of the movie is excellent.The pace of the movie is brisk that's why it never seems that you are watching a movie of 150+ minutes.It never bores you.It is like a trip on a boat in a full-moon night. The background score is melodious and enchanting.It fits consummately with the mood of the film.And what to say about Visuals.They are simply brilliant.The movie contains one of the best visual effect ever seen in the history of Indian cinema.The bird-eye view of the kingdom,war scenes,avalanche scene,rock climbing scene and Lifting of Sivalinga etc. are some scenes where you can catch sight of the visual mastery.The locations are exquisite and looks like the Elysium has been painted on the canvas.Cinematography is excellent especially during the war scenes. S.S.Rajamouli can easily be termed as the James Cameron of India.His perception about this movie is artistic in sense and is truly peerless.With his new outing,he easily proves how great storyteller he is?He is truly an unparagoned artist. The movie can also be watched for its gratifying acting.Prabhas is amazingly awesome.He is the soul of the movie and with his performance he proves his panache once again.It is difficult to move your eyes away from him.Rana is awesome and is a perfect choice for the role of antagonist.His performance is superb.Ramya krishnan is astonishing.Her acting is another plus point of the movie.She is perfect in the role of a powerful queen.Tamannah is fit for her role.In action scenes she looks amazing.Anushka shetty has nothing much to do.Hoping that she will get a good role in the concluding part.Supporting cast is very good. This is an epic film in true sense as everything about this film is grand and epic.It is the greatest war epic India has ever produced.Bahubaali is an epic which is rich and vibrant and sets a milestone in Indian cinema.It is a must watch for every movie lover and if you are going to miss it then miss it at your own risk.This film shows the growing face of Indian cinema to the world. I would lovingly rate it 8.3 out of 10.
2 out of 6 

This is a Telugu Movie from state of Andhra Pradesh & Telangana; a vernacular language in India.But this movie made us proud that, Tollywood can make such grand budget and huge canvas.Baahubali is all about Family Feud in an ancient kingdom. Nothing much have been revealed in the first part. The 2nd part will be much interesting.Better you go and watch in movie theater.Movie is directed by SS Rajmouli. Baahubali has stellar star cast - Prabas, Daggubati Rana, Anushka, Tamanna and Satyaraj also Sudeep.It tooks over 4 years to complete 1st part of the movie.Huge sets were erected for this movie.Is shot in Hyderabad, Kerala, Bulgaria and other places
2 out of 6 

There have been plenty of good movies that hit the Indian screens from the likes of Maniratnam and Verma.. but this is the movie that has set the Indian Cinema at whole new level... All the Hollywood Movies are Directors' movies.. Here at Indian Cenima.. Movies revolve around the craze and image of Hero mostly and some times Heroine.. When director got the control movies would be like this. Mani's movies are Director's movies.. Bahubali.. every screen of it has been carved to perfection.. And here is the result.. Prabhas, playing the lead role has been pretty good in action sequences and still lacking something with his character.. he tried his best. His dialogue delivery, I think is having a mix of current day accent in it. I would still give him 8 out of 10. Rana has been improving over the years. Could have taken care with his body language. Nazar and Tamanna were good with 7 out of 10. Anushka doesn't have much of a role in this part but she is good in the screens that she was present 8 out of 10. But the highlight this part is Ramyakrishna as Shivagami... she has been the best and highly involved with the character and unbelievably stood better of all those legendary actors and actresses.. As this is the movie of the director.. he had his entire crew in line to have an excellent output probably the best in technical aspect of Indian cinema. For me, Rajamouli and Ramyakrishna have been the best and would get 10 out of 10. One could easily find what and SA Raj Kumar's music is by listening to a song or background scoring. The same is the problem with Keeravani.. He has done good job.. but not out of his box..
2 out of 6 

Movie is matchless, It should be awarded with Oscar. These kinds of movies are generally compared with Hollywood's '300' but Bahubali has really crossed the expectations of Indian spectators. Rajamouli has proved that We can make a good movie without adding any vulgar or double meaning comedy scene which can be seen in our bollywood movies. I'm shocked to see reviews of some of our critics. They gave it just 3 or 3.5 rating out of 5.Some foolish rated it just 2 out of 5. These people seem to be jealous of tollywood movies. But it doesn't matter what they perceive. I'm sure this movie will definitely necessitate our 3 Khans to rethink about theme of their movies which is completely a bullshit. Hats off to Baahubali...
2 out of 6 

Excellent movie i can never seen in my life this type of movie every one should watch this movie. India's biggest movie thanks to Director S.S Rajamouli sir to such a wonderful movie and also thanks to Karon hoar sir to release this movie in Bollywood.Major strength and highlight of the movie is high technical values. Rajamouli's movies have always been visually rich and technically sound with glitzy visual effects. No one can find a blemish in these departments with all technical crew working in unison to give the best output for this movie.Senthil Kumar, the longtime associate of Rajamouli, is first rate as he made it a visual spectacle with usage of wide shots and Bird's-eye view camera angles.Sets! Ah, they are truly magnificent. The award winning production designer Sabu Cyril has created grand sets that can be compared with Hollywood epic movies. Senthil and Sabu Cyril have created a world that looks rich on the screen.Sound design and background musical score (by M M Keeravani) is one of the prime factors that have made Baahubali a great audio-visual experience.Highlights:Spectacular visuals with high end graphicsGigantic sets and grand production designPrabhas and Ramya Krishna's stellar performancesOutstanding camera workPicturization of songs
2 out of 6 

An Epic , Extra Ordinary , Superb , Fantastic , Best Movie in the history of Indian cinema which will make you forget typical Bollywood- Hollywood movies !! What a fantastic visual effect ,acting , story line ,music and direction !!Hats off to the director !!I would recommend to watch this movie and nominate for the Oscars in the world cinema category and i am sure its gonna grab many awards for the same !!It took 3 years to complete the whole movie. Movie earned fastest 100 Cr. in 35 Hours in India and made a implicative history in the Indian cinema !!
2 out of 6 

First I want to say . I am one of those reviewer who created this account just to give review for Baahubali. It has to earn its place for me to spend my time. I have no partiality on any movie . Good movie is a good movie no matter where they are from.Baahubali is one of it. For the past few years baahubali has brought lot of expectations in audience through it promotion, and songs etc. I was expecting it might fall back due its big noise. But once i watched the movie I changed my view.It is a must watched movie, All the hardwork done by each and every technicians, from small job to director and producer is seen in the movie.I need to watch again and again to see each and every details of the movie. It is not a movie to watch one time. Each and every details done on the project water feature , visual effects, set design, creating the atmosphere, emotions, props, development of the character. Each and every character has its prominence. I liked war sequence in the movie. Trust me when i say, i don't like too much fighting. But this movie made that very interesting to me. How they paid attention to each details, help audience to see at each character how they respond and react , not just some bunch of people fighting with sword and killing. Purpose and how they have to make decision in between the chaos of war, ow you can different from great warrior to warrior. Amazing.I don't' want to spoil for you all, but surely i recommend every one to watch this movie, not only for Indian audience , but international audience because the emotions that played in this movie are same around entire world not just India. And rajamouli did an amazing job with little resources he had.Now a days as we see lot of movies ( i don't want to name them) release with 700 million dollar budget but they fail to bring a complete movie, either their character has no justification , or they are lacking emotions, or connection to audiences etc. Even though it is big budget in India, i think its still less budget for the quality he brought.No director is entirely satisfied with his work. I am sure rajamouli would say this need to be improved and this couldn't have been done better way.I surely don't want to end without praising actor prabhas for his dedication to completely sacrifice his career to solely concentrate on this movie for more than 2 years. This is very commendable. But it just adds level of appreciation to the movie and his dedication as an actor.
2 out of 6 

"Baahubali - The Beginning", a movie par excellence, in league with famous Hollywood movies like "Lord of the Rings" & "300". Must be appreciated for its sheer creative imagination, larger than life canvas and mind blowing VFX effects.Director SS Rajamouli is known to creating benchmarks in Indian movie making and breaking them too. With Baahubali, he has given "perfection" a new identity. We need more directors like him.Prabhas (Baahubali) & Rana (Ballala) are very convincible in their role and so is Tamanna (Avantika). For a change i see Tamanna acting for the first time rather than being just a glamour quotient, like in her earlier films. But these are just pawns in the larger game of chess who attain glory, the real masters are the veteran actors (Nasir, Satyaraj & Ramya), who bring such great acting finesse to the movie in restricted short screen space they share, that leaves a lasting impression on the audience. And its only for these veteran acting powerhouses, i would want to see this movie again.And the way this movie ended, "Baahubali - The Conclusion" will be THE MOST AWAITED MOVIE of 2016
2 out of 6 

This movie can be simply put as sloppy piece of work with too much loudness without any apparent reason. It seemed as if all the characters in the movies have emotional disturbance and possible autism. The acting was of inferior quality and the the whole story seemed to present larger than life representation of a backward tribe. Further, the screenplay has numerous cliché'. Overall it is a great way to waste such a tremendous amount of money on something so outrageous and stupid.
1 out of 2 

I've never written a movie review before and have created an IMDb account just to rate it and share my delight from watching this movie. Bahubali is THAT good. If you don't really dig most Indian flicks but have enjoyed GoT, LOTR or The Hobbit, you won't regret giving this one a try. The first 10 minutes may be a little OTT but it's still saved by some amazing CG work. Those 10 minutes are a quick albeit slightly choppy set up for what may well turn out to be the best 2-3 hours of entertainment you'll have this year. The rest of the film is absolutely gripping. Brilliant battle scenes, great acting, more amazing CG and then those storyline twists! Man. It is an EPIC film. I just can't wait for Part 2. Bring it out Mr Director!
1 out of 2 

A baby boy is miraculously found alive in the middle of a river by a few villagers. They raise him as their own. Named Shiva (Prabhas), the boy grows up to be an adventurous commoner until his past comes back to haunt him. Turns out, Shiva is royalty and heir to the Mahishmati kingdom. Son of the noble king Amarendra Baahubali and queen Devasena (Anushka Shetty), he must now fight the evil king Bhallala Deva (Rana Daggubati), who to seized their kingdom. Touted as one of the most expensive films to be made in India, this highly anticipated part one of the two-part period epic, manages to enthrall you with its sheer scale and grandeur. Painstakingly made, paying acute attention to detail for the minutest of sound and visuals, Rajamouli (Eega, Magadheera) , who spent three years making this ambitious film ensures that the larger-than-life execution matches his grandiose vision. Though this swashbuckling adventure relies heavily on CGI and VFX, it doesn't lack emotional resonance. It manages to be much more than a blood-soaked romp. The heart of the film lies in the simple thought that good is mightier than evil.
2 out of 7 

SS Rajamouli's "Baahubali: The Beginning", was announced a 'blockbuster' even before it's release. And the film has lived up to the hype, and how! Not only has the first of the two-part series smashed all records by grossing between Rs 60 crore to Rs 70 crore on its opening day, it has made nearly Rs 160 crore in first three days. Its first week collection is estimated to be of Rs 255 crore, Biggest Indian Grocer. So what makes this south flick dubbed in Hindi, so special ? The film is directed by S S Rajmouli. Remember 'MAKKHI' ? He is the one who can create a super hero out of an insect. Baahubali is the biggest Indian Big screen extravaganza. If the scales of Hollywood flicks like The Mummy, Scorpion King, Lord of the rings etc. have charmed you, go watch Baahubali and see all those mammoth sets, Huge palaces, Gigantic cities, Enormous waterfalls, praiseworthy character's attires and massive war scenes in an Indian film. All these & special VFX effects compete with its Hollywood counterparts. And if this is not enough, watch it for a very simply narrated storyline, most architecturally designed cinematography , suiting & soothing songs, thrilling background score & well performed acting by the main characters. Watch it for the acting of PRABHAS, as Baahubali & his son Shivu. Not for a moment he comes out of his role, watch his eyes, face, throat muscles & even fingersall play the character & only his character. Watch it for the efforts being put, as one year of pre- production, a team of 25 artists creating some 15000+ story boards, a 200 acre set made in some 200 days, 8000 junior artists being ploughed in , and even this was not enough, a new language was 'researched & invented' by the named 'Kilikili', reportedly having 750 words and 40 grammar rules. The language was invented for the terrifying warrior tribe named 'Kalakeya'. Popular parallels exist in the way of the elaborate Elvish language created by JRR Tolkien for the Lord of the Rings trilogy, but this must be the first full-fledged new language created exclusively for a character in a film in India. Below is the link of the actor speaking the same language in the audio release function.https://www.youtube.com/watch? v=ZNCw2yWVpbw&feature=player_embeddedNeed more reasons? Watch it for most gigantically filmed climax war scene ever imagined for an Indian film. It will remind you of the movie '300' for sure at some moments, but this cannot draw it's due of being the most exclusive, grandiose, Epic & thrilling battle scene till now. And yes, watch it for being the first Indian movie of releasing the next part in next year, while closing with a question mark, not concluding the story of part one, as in 'The Gangs Of Wasseypur.' Watch itBecause as the name suggests, it's just the beginning.Watch here... the making of Baahubalihttps://youtu.be/ab86hTGc0cU
2 out of 7 

As a general audience i expect to be entertained in the movie and that's what director SS Rajamouli has done. Excellent Movie with no regrets and if you get in sync with the language then there is no looking back for the movie.Awesome direction, Visual Effects,Songs,war sequence and romance sequences are spectacular. Frankly speaking after much hype i couldn't resist seeing this movie on the first show.After seeing the show i was amazed to see that it reached way beyond my expectations.Some one said today its a blockbuster but tomorrow its a classic and benchmark. 100% trueIts a MUST WATCH !!!!!
2 out of 7 

Baahubali - the beginning: I don't know where to begin, its really superb. SS Rajamouli is a true genius - if not him this entire movie would have looked like 80s son's revenge for father's death. But he takes this story out of the earth to unreachable level (considering the budget liberty Hollywood films or Bollywood films has, still he does with every constraint he had). His vision, His Ideas, His Emotions everything increased the want for the second part. First part I watched as a night show, and after watching it - I want to watch Second part in a first show. Baahubali - the conclusion, we want it soon - very soon. There are lot of unanswered questions and we cant wait for answers.
2 out of 7 

Movie review : Baahubali (The Beginning) : A seven course meal for the movie-starved soul!!! I bow to thee -- SS Rajamouli! This is definitely 'Lord of the Rings' of Indian cinema.. An epic in every sense!! The story begins in a beautiful land far far away, surrounded by never-ending waterfalls. At the bottom of the falls, a figure emerges from a cave hidden to the normal eye. A fatally wounded Sivagami (Ramya Krishna) protectively holds a new-born baby as she is chased by a couple of soldiers. She kills the soldiers deceptively and then tries to cross a treacherously flowing lake and is on collision course with death as she manages to hold the baby in her raised hand - and she slowly drowns. Hours later a bunch of tribals hear the baby crying only to find it in the middle of a lake; held in a hand pointing upwards. A swimmer collects the baby.. the hand stays pointing upwards and slowly the body is washed away. Intrigued yet??? This is just the first couple of minutes of the movie! I will not give away any more of the story - would definitely want my beloved readers to watch it on big screen, if possible in XD! The saved newborn then grows up to become Sivudu (Prabhas). His strength will weaken you, his bravado will scare you, his magnanimity will belittle you and his kindness will bring tears to your eyes - such is the persona of Sivudu. Most powerful hero seen on Telugu screens ever and can't imagine anyone other than Prabhas as Baahubali. There is Bhallala Deva (Rana Daggubati) - the ruler of Mahishmati. His strength is his arrogance, his power is his pride; in short, he is evil personified. He terrorizes his victims and subjects alike. A fitting antagonist. Rana seems as menacing as his character and again cannot imagine a more suitable villain. There is Devasena (Anushka) - the queen of the realm. But as luck would have it, she is chained in the middle of the capitol as a convict, by the order of Bhallala Deva. No one even dares to free her as they would know what would happen to them if they tried. Prisoner in public for 25 years, she is immensely strong in her intent for revenge and hopeful that her son would come some day and free her. A role devoid of any glamor, or screen time for that matter (atleast in this movie), but Anushka nails it to the T. There is Kattappa (Satyaraj). A righteous and skilled soldier devoted to the throne and bound to slavery by his ancestors. Amazing performance. There is Avantika (Tamanna). A soldier loyal to her queen and wants to free her at any cost. Love interest of Sivudu. She is outstanding as long as she is on screen smile emoticon Looks gorgeous in the duet. There is Bijjala Deva(Nasser). Father of Bhallala Deva. Handicapped but every bit vile as his son. He will definitely repulse you. And then there is Sivagami. Most powerful character in the movie. I think after Ammoru, this is the role of a lifetime for Ramya and she doesn't disappoint. Talent meets beauty! There are many more but these 7 stayed with me (Now you know why I said 7-course meal.. And there is a surprise dish too.. Watch and experience it! The battle with Kalakeya was epic. The visuals breath-taking. The sets elaborate and the presentation spectacular. Rarely do we get to see a movie with powerful characterization and story. This has both, and much more. The complete experience was so amazing, I did not mind the minor flaws wink emoticon (yes there are some). If i have to get nit-picky that is .. At certain times, the graphics weren't that great, meaning you can make out it's graphics. And the other issue I had was the forced item song (sort of) with three girls who were looking totally out of place. Overall a great movie to watch. But please do not take kids with you as there is fair share of violence. SSR, I wish there were 51 clones of you and that each would release one movie a year. I promise I would never get bored of watching your movies again and again. And again... Baahubali, The Conclusion - cannot wait for you. Hasn't anyone discovered time machine yet? Time to go back to Skynet (alias Genisys) and see if they can send me to 2016 !!!! So long folks! Happy watching!!
2 out of 7 

One of the best Indian movies seen in recent times. And surprisingly doesn't come out of Bollywood. Saw the Hindi dubbed version, but didn't feel that it affected the movie impact in any way.Acting..story..vfx..everything is top notch. Second half definitely better. But the first half really builds up the story. Agree with others that LOTR and 300 were an inspiration for few of the scenes. But that doesn't take away anything from the director. Hope more such films are made here. Eagerly waiting for the sequel In 2016. My first review here.... still amazed.... cant say anything else except GO AND WATCH IT RIGHT NOW !!!
2 out of 7 

First time in Indian film history where the entire Nations much awaited for this film and it was just able to keep up the heights. Visual wonder, powerful star cast, Mind blowing Back ground music, Super climax. From the first frame to till climax the film was just wonder and SS Rajamouli has taken the Telugu Industry to another level. Cannot imagine any others to direct this film, it is a simple example the way Rajamouli thinks and exhibits about a film, his dedication, hard works always pays and this is the reason he had tasted only success in the tough competition. Rajamouli sir we are just waiting for the 2nd part. My feelings about the movie even after watching 2 times is of same. Waterfalls, mountains, forest, settings, bull fight, kalakeya fight, war equipments, apparels, body language, songs, shivagaami, aslam khan, Anushka 1st powerful dialogue, expressions, etc etc, finally Goosebumps at few scenes ---omg the list goes on....... and on. The film just Rocked.
2 out of 7 

This is my first review in IMDb. I have created the account today to rate this movie so that I can say to the world that this is our Indian - Hollywood movie. Baahubali is an Indian movie but the standards are equal to Hollywood. I am really surprised by watching Baahubali. I am not rating this movie according to visual effects, actors, music nor even story. I am rating this movie by considering all the things. I am eagerly waiting for the second part now. According to the story line everybody did their job well. I have to appreciate Rajamouli for his daring and dashing guts for doing a project like this one. He has set a new trend by directing this movie.
2 out of 7 

The story takes us in to a fictitious land of Mahishmathi and in no time you will start connecting to the characters. I would have to admit that the Director SS Rajamouli has excelled in creating the kingdom and the characters in it. Utmost care has been taken in designing the beautiful sets and CGIs are used just to enhance the viewing experience. The story is simple and straight forward where 2 brothers compete for the throne of the Mashishmathi and the consequences after it. The hype was so huge around this movie that everyone waited for 3 years since this movie was announced. Gladly, the movie is worth the hype. I get a feeling that second part which is due for release next year shall be a great conclusion to the tale. Don't be disappointed by seeing the CGI used in first half at Avalanche and that chase as it might not look promising. Its the second half battle scenes which make the movie more satisfying. A special mention to the amazing background score. The film is truly a gem and take a bow Rajamouli for the guts to have vision and successfully executing it. Prabhas was amazing as Baahubali and Rana was equally charming. Go see on big screens and celebrate the big leap in Telugu cinema if not Indian Cinema.
2 out of 7 

Hi All,First thing first, i really did not watched the movie, but i know the hard work of Rajamouli sir.His work, Talent, Skill, Way of making movie..... SuperbBlindly i can say this movie will be great and awesome.... wait this movie is great and awesome(review by friends and colleagues).Also appreciate the hard work by Prabas, Rana, Tamanna, Anushka, and other folks.Will watch this movie and will catch you soon.Thanks.
2 out of 7 

possible SPOILERSso, not many people came out of the crowd of sheep that followed Baahubali blindly, just because the movie has better graphics than an average bollywood movie, 250 crore, Hollywood's lowest budget movie can still have better animation works than what this movie had, yes, they did better work than any/most of bollywood movies have done, specially when none of the bollywood movie have done such great work in epic-genre, but 9/10 ? it should be 6-7/10 at best, because, other than graphics, there is not much to be happy about, first of all, songs, seriously ? item song during an assassination scene ? then there is character development, there was none, basically, it seemed like the characters were never introduced before, and were just told to act like they are family, the lead role, fell in love with a girl, just by her mask (a mask that everyone in her tribe wears), if that's not enough logic for you, the Queen, the mother of both protagonist and antagonist, these kind of roles make people believe that women are the reason of big fights, which should not be the case, but the intelligent Queen, puts the competition of throne in between both of her sons when they barely could walk, and from that age, she started putting them through rough competitions to check who is more intelligent, powerful and kind, i could give her a better idea, why not grow them both as her sons, and love them like sons, rather than seeing them as future kings, and grow both of them up as both kind and great characters, now let's move on to action, seems like another bollywood/south Indian action movie, i don't think there was anything extra ordinary in action considering the movie is bollywood's creation, yes the fight between two armies was good, but that's the work of animation, not action/fights scene, many logic defying, physics defying scenes were there, then there are graphics, even though with this budget, they didn't do justice, at some scene, for example the eagle view scene of war, were too stupid looking, some scenes were good, but overall, nothing like a 250 crore movie, but none the less, a step up for bollywood in right direction, but giving a movie 9/10 for that, is basically telling them, that you have done a great job, and we are satisfied with it, which at least i am not, so overall, for me, it is just another bollywood, more like another south Indian movie, with better graphics than what Indian cinema has provided us, stupid character development, no connection between the audience and the characters, other than the question everyone would ask after the climax, which is too huge spoiler to tell. for me, 5/10, at best, 6.5/10, not at all a 9/10, that's for typical Indian fan boys, who want to say that this movie can even try to compete against Hollywood giants, but nonetheless, a step in the right direction.
2 out of 8 

The largest celluloid production of India, Baahubali, has opened up to a huge hype. The length of production, the commitment of lead stars to the project, the supposed grandeur of cgi in the movie have created such a murmur around the project that whole of India is looking at a regional movie of a Southern state. I have been awaiting this movie for a long time now but I have not kept my expectations to a high. Indian movie, however large the budget may be, would not match the quality of a Hollywood produced movies like 300 or avengers or transformers. I was not wrong. Is the movie bad? No, in fact it's very good. Are the graphics not up to mark? They are by far the best on Indian screen!! But are they a match to above mentioned that graphic based movies... Definitely Baahubali need to catch up... But kudos to SS Rajamouli and Arka media. They did a job that we have always dreamed for. This movie pushed the boundaries of Telugu cinema and it's market to the biggest level ever. The movie attracted attention of Hollywood. Definitely they have seen much realistic CGI, but what brings the attention? The story. Yes I have seen some critics mentioning that the movie has nothing but CGI and there is an old story in new CGI. But the fact is these critics have only ever been to see popcorn action and are critiquing some thing beyond their imagination. Story of the movie though reminds of many dramas from yesteryear, it has its own flavor. The performances though not top notch, they are good enough to carry the weight of expectations of audience. Anushka deserves a special mention. She dared to go de-glam and she gets full marks, even though her presence is very limited. Tamanna was little out of her zone. Rana was tailor made to carry the ego maniac role. The first half is little sketchy and patchy. The hype created brings down the movie. The pre-intermission sequence is the beginning of excellence. Post interval, enter Siva Gami. She not only turns the movie into performance epitome. She single handedly creates an aura of grandeur and royalty. She carries the whole movie on her shoulders and performance. The war sequence comes next. Its no less than any other Hollywood movie like 300 or Troy. Its designed, executed and captured with such beauty and mastery, we really should be proud of SS Rajamouli and team. Their vision was presented picture perfect. The climax and mid credits sequence will keep you glued to screen till it goes blank!! To all the critiques who could not find a story, I pity you guys. If you can't find a story in this movie, please watch those popcorn movies and give five start!! I am particularly not overwhelmed with 9.4 rating. Definitely is one the best movies to come out of India, but definitely there is a little bit more catching up in terms of CGI/VFX to truly make this equivalent effort to those of 300 or Troy or AvengersWaiting for second movie...
2 out of 8 

Whilst being touted as India's answer to Lord of the rings, Baahubali falls short of such Himalayan standards. However, by tollywood (or for that matter Indian) standards, it is exemplary. It is all too common to see heroes possess six-packs these days. However, in this movie there was a genuine point to all those biceps and triceps. The storyline is perhaps the weakest point of the movie. It is the cliché good nephew-bad son-sibling rivalry, etc. plot. The execution was beautiful. As many commented, the land is certainly no middle earth, but the fort, the battle sequences (especially the stratagems, while being inspired or perhaps even borrowed from 300 (the phalanx formation) or Lord of the rings (the battering ram) still left room for some creativity). Prabhas and Rana clearly worked quite hard for the stunts. While Anushka's role in this movie is limited, she had the courage to pose as an old woman (complete with the wrinkles and all. The make up chaps certainly deserve a round of applause). Tamanna, unfortunately, fell short of the mark. It is clear that she put in a gargantuan amount of effort. But perhaps, sometimes less is more. In her case, her expressions were too forced. The dark horse in the movie, the unsung hero was Ramya Krishna. She carried the role of queen with poise and aplomb.Some scenes in the movie were clearly made for the masses (like the one wherein Prabhas held a huge statue on his own whereas elephants (!) struggled!). Such scenes should've been toned down, especially considering that the director is reputed to be a perfectionist.All in all, it is a good watch and sets a great example for the (hopefully) changing trends in Indian, in particular Telugu, cinema.
2 out of 8 

If anyone has seen goemon he can easily tell its a complete copy of it with a mixture of two other films with a Indian story twist. I wont say its not good but it's still a copy and anyone who is watching baahubali should also watch goemon. There's one king, one betrayer, two prince, one princes and a protector. Director just added a war,a mother,Himalayas in story to make it lengthy. One thing is pretty funny, baahubali wanted reach on the top of that mountain but got suceeded only after several fail tries. But when he was going to kill that guy with kadappa's sword, whole village came there easily. lol Please watch goemon and see yourself At least you don't have to wait for a year to know the ending.
3 out of 15 

BAAHUBALI : Janaalu Bali..../\...Missing Notice : The 250 crores budget is missing on the screen in baahubali,, If found please return it to the audience,,, they deserve their money back....!! Everything the makers spoke about Baahubali is 'n'th stage of hallucination...!! I think they definitely need to consult a psychiatrist soon...!!! As they continuously worked on a single movie for such long period,, they didn't knew what they were imagining and what they have pictured...!!!This is what happens when you speak loads of stuff about a film but won't showcase the same on the screen....!!! You should either talk what you've shown or show what you have spoke.....!!!The expectations were so high that they called "Baahubali" - Pride of Indian Cinema...!!! LOL,,,,My middle finger salutes you all sir......_!_.... Baahubali? isn't the movie what they spoke and what you expected...!!TECHNICAL : I won't talk about about the story...!! I'm more disappointed about the making...!!! Most of the time you feel this isn't a Rajamouli film...!! That screenplay,,, those dumb Balakrishna style action sequences,, oh my mad,, oh my bad,,, oh my god.....!!!!!Visual Grandeur..??? Nope... Except few shots there is no Grandeur abt the movie...!!Visual Effects...!!! Lol... The CGI works are cheap, artificial and easily noticeable... And whenever there is a CGI scene, a tag "CGI" always appears at the bottom corner ...!! The 50 crore "Magadheera",, "Eega" have better CGI than 250CR Baahubali...!!! I don't see where they put that kind of amount on screen...!!Music : If you expect something as great as the score in Trailer,, sorry you'll be disappointed... Music,, BGM and RR are good but not the best....!!! Prabhas is as usual gave his best...!!! Ramya Krishna stands up to the expectations...!! Rana is good but the greatest villain of Indian Cinema..??? Nope,, not at all ....!!! Satyaraj,, Nazar, Tamanna, Anushka are good in their roles...!!Overall : Except the initial 15mins, 1st half is slow,, boring and not exciting at all... 2nd half is good but the impact of bad 1st half affects the 2nd half and the climax...!! Climax war episode is good but CGI is very bad and looks very cartoonish...!!FINAL : Average movie... 2/5... But I guess Baahubali can't survive the hype it has got...!!PS : SS Rajamouli Mount Everest ani cheppi,,, Mount Opera chupincharu enti sir....../\...PPS : You may like the movie,, if you go in with zero expectations and forget that it is a Rajamouli film....!!!
2 out of 9 

Being an avid movie lover, especially movies of any language or culture, I expect a movie like Bahubali to deliver.I don't speak Telgu, but love the grandeur of movies made in South Indian Cinema. I could not resist the attention Bahubali was getting, the amount of money spent (250 crores),special effects,largest poster ever and a 9.3 rating on IMDb! The movie starts of strong and then slopping a little midway through the love story, but the biggest disappointment are the war scenes, with the amount of articles out there praising the impressiveness of the direction to VFX effects used, i think the bar was raised too high to expect an Indian version of Lord of the Rings, but there is no comparison whatsoever, very very mediocre fight scenes, heavily influenced by the movie "300", but overall its an good attempt, the story keeps you engrossed.Prabhas and Tamannah are good, Ramya as always excellent, but i don't know if i will go to watch part 2 in 2016, especially in the theaters.
2 out of 9 

Touted as the most expensive film ever made in India ( close to 250 crores for part 1 and part 2), Bahubali had already generated immense curiosity among audience - Telgu, Tamil and Hindi surprisingly. I have loved Eega ( Makkhi) with impressive CGI and with Bahubali, S S Rajamouli has raised the bar of Indian Cinema.Bahubali tells the about the war, family dispute, betrayal between two brothers over the power and position.The trailer itself was spectacular which made audience desperate to experience the cinema in theater. I was enriched by a visuals never seen before on Indian silver screen before. Each frame has been accurately captured with eye-catching cinematography by KK Senthil Kumar. The art direction by Sabu Cyril will carry you to the medieval period of Indian Hitory with gigantic sets. Visual effects by Prime Focus team is applauding especially the 30 mins war sequence. Hats off to S S Rajamouli was handling each area -direction, storytelling and screenplay. The flashback story is enduring and keeps you engaged. On the flip -side - The larger than life action scenes especially the bull-fighting , the unnecessary insertion of songs, the love drama between Prabas and Tamannahh. Nevertheless, the overall film is a exhilarating and enriching experience with impressive star cast who gives a commendable performances.Bahubali should be lauded for surreal direction, exemplary CGI and commendable performances. Excellent 4/5
2 out of 9 

This Movie is Abusive.The Actress of this Movie do not know about the Indian Culture.The Censor Board must Consider to filter this Film.Weare not Watching the Movie for seeing the Flesh.Do some Movies which are Good to the Society like 'The Imitation Game'.
1 out of 3 

Yes, now i can say that part 1 is the best movie. because yesterday i had seen part 2 and i get very bad experience and waste my time for watching 3rd class movie.In Part 1 , there was an best story and suspense also. so most of people are asking question like "Why kattapa killed bahubali ?"Main thing in part 1 is , Director are showing natural beauty. so lost of scene are fantastic
1 out of 3 

The first thing and the positive aspect that grabbed my attention to the movie is it's great director - SS.RAJAMOULI !!! Rajamouli is one of the fantastic directors in India with all of his films being a blockbuster success in the Tollywood Industry. The people over Tollywood feel proud about him and his films & they go crazy for his films.Rajamouli works with simple stories (mostly written by his Father K. V. Vijayendra Prasad) but his narration and his taking with a beautifully architectural screenplay makes the audience spine-chill and gains him success.Coming to the second thing is the title with strongest pillars - Prabhas and Rana and the other characters.You just have to look at how Rajamouli gives every major character in Baahubali its own heroic introduction to realize how keenly he is attuned to the pulse of the audience and knows what button to push to make them cheer.PLUS POINTS : As you start watching Baahubali, one thing that hits you instantly is the scale of this magnum opus. The extravagant sets, spectacular visuals and the sheer magnitude has not been showcased in any Indian film before. One cannot shy away to laud Rajamouli for thinking something this huge and also executing it on such a mammoth scale. The war sequences and the way they have been executed are in true Hollywood style. Prabhas is terrific in a dual role and is the apt choice as Baahubali. No one except him could have done justice to the role which is larger than life and has many heroic moments. His sheer screen presence and emotional performance will be immensely loved by his fans. As expected, Rana is menacing as the baddie Bhalaladeva. This is a dream role for him and he gives a top notch performance as the bad guy. Ramya Krishna is elegant as Shivagami and brings a lot of depth to the film. Nasser and Satyaraj play their roles perfectly. Second half of the film has a lot of emotions which elevate the film to another level.MINUS POINTS : The story line of Baahubali is quite routine and predictable. The actual film kick starts only during the second half and ends abruptly which might leave you a bit unhappy. Anushka has nothing much to do in the film as her character will be revealed only during the second part.Certain war sequences have been dragged out and could have been trimmed to decrease the run time. There is so much hype surrounding the film that certain unwanted songs side tracks the film. The romance between Prabhas and Tamanna also looks exaggerated at times.TECHNICAL ASPECTS : Where do I start from in this section. Baahubali is by far the most technically brilliant film that has come out from Indian cinema. Each and every frame in the film is sheer magic. The sets, VFX work and graphics are just out of this world. One should be really proud to see such grand visuals especially in a Telugu film. Music is decent but the background score could have been better.Next in line is the art direction. Sabu Cyril has done a marvelous job with the sets. Be it the palace sets, the kingdom surroundings or the warfare equipment, everything looks impressive. Senthil Kumar's camera work is mind blowing. His awesome visuals are nicely complimented by the stunning VFX. The water fall scenes and some shots during the fight sequence with Kaalakeya have been executed brilliantly.The way Rajamouli has conceptualized the visuals will be a learning lesson for a generation of aspiring film makers. Even though Rajamouli's screenplay dips a bit here and there, his larger than life approach is what makes this film such a visual treat.SUMMARY : Baahubali is one film which every Indian movie lover can be extremely proud off. Right from the word go, this visual extravaganza treats you to some never before seen elements in Indian films. Prabhas's stunning avatar as Baahubali, brilliant art work to some eye topping visuals effects, this film has it all. Genius director Rajamouli, should be lauded and supported for his dedication in taking Telugu cinema to the next level. Finally, if you ignore the predictable story line and keep your expectations in check, Baahubali is bound to entertain you big time.
1 out of 3 

I can't even start commenting on this movie for how bad it is. I normally don't write reviews but seeing the IMDb rating I just had to.The graphics are really bad.. you can spot cgi miles away and most times it's totally unrealistic. Sometimes it's all "jumpy".The plot is just stupid.. the whole movie could have lasted half the screening time. There are also many inconsistencies throughout.The battle scenes are totally unrealistic (again). I tried watching it the same way I watch a Chinese martial arts movie. Sigh.The whole movie is a basically a masturbation of their self for all fight fanatics.On the positive side, I admit some frames look good. Overall the director probably did his best with what he was given. Still, totally horrible movie, at least for a western audience, of which I consider myself a part. And before anyone complains about this, I'll just say that, as is obvious, this is only my opinion and I'm writing this review so that people realize this movie has serious problems before trusting the other positive reviews.
1 out of 3 

Why did Kattappa Kill Bahubali....yesterday again I watched & again the question arises in my mind.First of all I would like to thank director SS Rajamouli for producing such a great movie. It is a new bench marks for India. All people of India love it. Now we Indian can proud that we have a movie compare with many famous Hollywood movies.Though it is said to be great but there are few points that make me unpleasant...(1)At first the songs 'Dhivara' comes. I do not have any opinion about songs and dances as it is always happened in Bollywood. In the song the journey from bottom to top of the mountain are shown. The mountain are very steep. So it is almost impossible to climb to the top. We are excited to watch how Shivudu succeed his dream. But the movie just skips that part and shown almost in an imaginary ways (superhero type) as it happened in south Indian movies. I am disappointed at the beginning.(2) Again when the huge King's statue is processing to erect suddenly an accident is happened. The statue falls down. We are again exciting what will happen in next and then Shivudu comes and catch the rope (which is used in erecting). The statue stops and erecting towards the perpendicular direction. I shocked how one man can stop such a statue!! OKthe name of the film is Bahubali so he can. Then my eyes go on the rope and I see "SAGGING". Howhow with sagging of the rope the statue is erected! Again I disappointed.(3) At middle of the movie the killing of prince (son of Bhallaladeva) is again most thrilling scene. But I have seen that the plot when Shivudu hits on Kattappa (01.33.32) ;Kattappa falls down on slop and then when both running (01.34.01) towards the sword carried by the horse 'Siddha' is different. This should be the same plot. The distance also increases so much when both running as it should be the short & same in between them when Kattappa falls down.Though I disappointed at some point but at the end it makes me happy. The quality of graphics work is very good. The war at the end shown is so attractive. The romantic scene in between Shivudu and Avanthika that created by Rajamouli is outstanding. Yes it is a milestone in Bollywood. But we can not compare with Hollywood epics such as Braveheart, Gladiator, Lord of the Rings etc.At present Rajamouli is one of the best director in India. We are expecting more in his next Bahubali part II. I feel it go to monster hit in India. All Bahubali fans are waiting.why did Kattapa kill Bahubali!!!!!
1 out of 3 

to be short,the art,casting,visuals were fantastic .but such a usual story .if you are fan of Indian masala movies you will absolutely love this movie ..this is the best movie to watch for you. if you like to watch reasonable movie.,a different movie, this is a disaster for you with boring unrealistic plot!a very grand movie with mind blowing effects and visuals..with the most boring story line as possible....no where the movie brought me inside the story..but of course most of Indian movies have unrealistic plotsif you are looking to treat yourself with a fantastic experience of cinema its good..but overall just a plain, old ,boring ,unrealistic ,immature plot covered with mind boggling vfx
1 out of 3 

With all the publicity and everyone recommending this movie as a must watch, I was keen to see Baahubali.Eventually we did last night on VCD. Its good that I watched at home because at least I could leave the room during all the many scenes of blood and gore.Baahubali is a grandly produced spectacle. It is technically perfect. The acting is good, the story holds the interest and the locations and special effects are stunning.However .... it is far too violent for those like me who cant watch brutal scene after scene of blood and gore. I actually found the item number to be a great relief and a refreshing change from all the violence and bloodshed. Had I watched this alone, it would have been on fast forward mode through all the violent scenes. Alas the others with me were relishing it all, so I took the easy way out and left the room every time I could not bear to watch.I would not recommend this for children though I understand that some of the video games these days are just as, if not more violent.The costumes and period settings are a delight. It is an epic, produced on a grand scale. The only flaw is the far too graphic depiction of violence. In my opinion, violence should be shown as implied rather than in complete gory detail. But it seems that the wider public enjoys this.
1 out of 3 

Movie is really awesome. Should be watched in theaters to enjoy the movie. This movie makes me remember Indian great battles.Some action sequence and stills makes me remember the Video games which I played during my childhood.The sitting position of Sivudu in middle of the hills makes me remember Tarzan and movement is also similar to Prince of Persia PS edition.Escape scene from the fort evading soldiers remembers me the Video game Prince of Persia 1980's.Bijjaladeva greed to make his son Bhallaladeva should be the King makes me remember Dhritarashtra from Mahabharat.The conflicts attitude between Bahabuli and Bhallaladeva is similar to the conflicts between Bheema and Duryodhana. Even the prince Baahubali had nonviolent duel with his elder brother Bharata.Kattappa battle shield defensive preparation of infantry is similar to the Lord of The Rings: The Two Fellowship introduction battle with the Elves, Human and Dark Lord Souron.But Mouli has used his own creativity and made a best film within his budget constraint. I never compare Indian movie with the Hollywood movies because the budget makes difference for our Indian directors to give us the best output and he has did awesome in this movie.Tamanna attitude as warrior needs to be improved more.Sivagami character is something new traits and Ramyakrishna acting is really extraordinary. Satyraraj action sequence is impressive. The betrayal of Katappa makes more curious to watch the conclusion.Readers sorry for the typos and grammar.
1 out of 3 

I am personally grateful to SS RajaMouli, S Shobu Yarlagadda, Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao, Prasad Devineni and Arka Media Works for contributing this Master Piece to the world from 'BHARATH'.Dedication and commitment of Prabhas, Anushka, Rana Daggubati, Nasser and Ramya Krishnan is really Great.I am basically Maratha, living in Bengaluru know only Kannada to read and write properly. I watched at least 50+ movies to get familiar with language Telugu only because I wanted to not only watch but also understand not the movie but this.. EPIC "Baahubali" !!The choice of story, characters, names for the characters & Places, Language Kalakeya, Weapons with their make and design, intentions of the humans at that time, music, dialogues their usage at the right time, Vastra with their designs, Make-up for each character, kingdom Maashismati structure designs and its location geographically, War places with their tantras and discussion with their execution.. goes on.. on .. on.. and on !! Even in US I could see the House Full.Usage of talent, ability, technology and Money was demonstrated in the right place - Bharath, correct Story: Bharath history -even though imaginary and with Bharat languages -when used generates right frequencies for the purpose its used.Hope to see such EPICs of Vedakal, Tretayuga, Dwaparayuga time like BAAHUBALI !!!
1 out of 3 

Before starting this review, I must confess that this is the first Telugu movie that I have ever seen. Thus, I have no reference point with which I can compare how good or bad this movie is.Baahubali is the first part of a two-part period drama that has been made on the largest ever budget for any Indian movie. The cinematography is immensely beautiful and every shot is well- composed. It is rare to see a movie put so much thought into the set design, costumes and the prosthetic makeup. In every frame of the movie, the extravagance is palpable due to the large number of VFX shots used in order to give the movie more credibility.As far as the story is concerned, the concept is not a new one. A boy is born who is destined to be great but has to prove his worth. A great amount of dedication and patience is required to make an epic movie like this one. The director must be commended for taking on such a challenging project that might be one of the finest period movies ever made in India.There are flaws that are present in this movie. However, some illogical sequences and gravity-defying stunts can be ignored in order to enjoy the great entertainment value that is possesses.Baahubali is a great movie that finishes on a high note. The ending will leave viewers intrigued and the second part is highly anticipated.
1 out of 3 

Baahubali turns out to be the most expensive Indian movie ever made. The movie is about a dispute between brothers spans across two generations. In this part the brothers Baahubali and Bhallaladeva fight for the throne to Mahishmathi Kingdom. The war formations that form a chunk of the latter portions of the film are the best we've seen in Indian cinema so far. These portions are spectacular and show the technical work of the visual effects teams.The waterfall, the mystical forests and water bodies above the cliffs and the lead pair escaping an avalanche all add to the spectacle. This movie is narrated through spectacular visuals and amazing special effects, including a 30-minute battle scene captured with admirable precision. The film's production took more than two years and their work is clearly seen in the movie. Each and every character is superbly framed in the movie. Overall It's a superb visual treat.
1 out of 3 

It is fairly hard to imagine how or why I waited so long to watch this film. By now, it maybe reviweved so many times by so many people.The film is an outright magnum opus, a visual treat and out and out entertainer. SS rajamouli, known for taking his time has delivered again. The performances of star cast and the kind of emotional & surreal experience the film generates make it a must watch.The storyline, although not new and the screenplay, along with the cliffhanging suspense at the end, further embellish the film. At the end,audience are left wanting more!On the plus side, the brilliant graphics and iconic screenplay marked by stellar performances, and the way the epic tale unfolds...a must watch!On the negative side, the story does drag a bit!Very often, Indian films are unfairly compared to Hollywood films. But, Bàhubali for once, redefines the standards....
1 out of 3 

Awesome film. Each and every artist has done their job perfectly. Hats off to Rajamouli. Have seen a couple of films of Prabhas. But his bubbly performance in the first half nd action performance in second half - stunning. Rana, Sathyaraj, Nasser, Tamanna, Ramyakrishnan, Rohini each nd every character is unexplainable. Sudeeps appearance is short nd sweet. Songs - awesome. Have seen the film twice already.Eega was a superb hit. Now Baahubali. Another member in the list of Rajamouli's fans.Everyone is waiting for the second part. I'm waiting to see the first part - twice again ;). More expectations from second part
1 out of 3 

Rajamouli has cast his magic through the movie and a minute appearance that he performs in the movie also calls for whistles. There are visual effects everywhere in the movie. There are only countable scenes without any VFX. But the digital work is so great that it is a feast to eyes. Maahishmati, the empire of fiction is a work of wonder. Minutes details from each scene are well addressed. Prabhas seem to have generously granted a depth and effect to his voice. Though everyone has casted life into their characters, Ramyakrishna as Shivagaami has an outstanding performance. Sudeep has a guest appearance which notions that he may have more to perform in its upcoming sequel.
1 out of 3 

SS Rajamouli's Baahubali is a visually stunning, yet flawed movie. The plot does not need to be revealed as many posters have previously done so, but meanders between interesting and unsatisfactory. While it does a decent job of fleshing out the characters, there is too much Telugu hero bravado and not much credible acting from the leads. The scenes where Shivudu and Avantika meet and fall in love and then he takes over her mission did not make sense and was probably meant for the masses rather for those who want a credible storyline. They should have left out the romantic scenes as they constrict the narrative.All the credit should and will go to Rajamouli and the VFX team for their three year hard and tireless work to make this a presentable picture. They will certainly reap the necessary awards. However some scenes looked fake (Avalanche, bull fight) and claiming that they were under budget constraints is not an excuse. There were too many high flying stunts that constrain the movie and as mentioned before are only there to show the heroism of the males and nothing more. The battle scenes do make up for some of the missteps though inspired from LOTR and 300. I hope the team fixes these problems mentioned here and by other posters either from their reviews or forum posts in the second film. It looks like they're moving on the right path in terms of visual effects, but they still have a long way to go.Acting wise, it is the supporting cast of a powerful Ramya Krishna, Nassar (though made as a caricature in some scenes) and Satyaraj who perform the best with the latter stealing the show as a Bhishma type warrior conflicted by his duty to the kingdom and doing the right thing. Prabhas has definitely worked hard on his muscular look, but acts like any Tollywood hero would which is not so great, although he does a good job as the father. Rana is OK but made to be too evil and I would have liked to have seen more depth in his characterization. Tamannah has a decent role and like Prabhas gets to flex her muscles in some action scenes but the change in her character when she gets tempted to fall in love with his character is baffling. Rajamouli, please do not use her as eye candy only! Anushka has a smaller, yet unglamorous and better role though her lines are a bit tacky. I hope she has a stronger and more impactive part in the second film. The rest of the cast which include Rohini, Sudeep and Tanikella Bharani are passable.Overall, it may be a step in the right direction and is definitely better than the nonsense produced today but it is simply a movie to watch only once. We all know many fans are eager for the conclusion, but may not be able to fathom the one year gap. But I hope this one year wait will give Rajamouli and his team the time to fix the flaws, tighten up the script, stop with the hero worshiping, improve the visuals where they don't look fake and finally present a final product that can stand the test of time like a Sholay. All the best to them.Watch solely for the visuals and Satyaraj's performance.6.5/10PS. What on earth was that language by the Kalakeya tribe? Was it inspired by "The Gods must be Crazy"? Did they invent a new language? If so, it was childish and hilarious for the wrong reasons.
1 out of 3 

The much hyped and the biggest Indian motion picture delivers.Its a must watch for all movie buffs.The visual effects are top-notch barring 1-2 glitches.It is the characterization of 4-5 characters with intense emotional connect in between them that has added to the movie more than the over-talked visual effects.Performances are high class.Especially Rana,satya raj,anushka and ramya krishna stole the show for me.Prabhas as bahubali was outstanding with royal looks.Talking about the director rajamouli i should mention a thing called "elevating the scene". Rajamouli's taking has been an asset throughout the movie which elevated some scenes making the movie overcome the hype that has been created and reach the expectations.Scene after interval definitely sends a chill down the spine of an enthused and sensible audience.The grand scale war scenes are easily on par with Hollywood. Ending the movie on a cliffhanger is icing on the cake. Still the first part of this two part EPIC leaves the audience in awe making it Truly an EPIC!!!!!
1 out of 3 

I'm not really a fan of Hindi-Movies in General but after i didn't really find any good movies to watch an evening i took the opportunity to see if there was any movie outside of Hollywood and Britain that i missed. I stumbled upon the trailer and was shocked by its visual appearance.I actually liked the comedy it portraited combined with the serious story. I would say the plot reminds me of the Disney classic "Prince of Egypt" with the action scenes similar of "Troy/300". The Visual effects reminds me of Game Of Thrones and it does have some musical aspects to it as well. When combining all of this, it does make it a very entertaining to watch and i recommend it to all people that like adventure/action flicks. 9/10
1 out of 4 

Baahubali _The Beginning (2015) : there is no new story line... copy and paste from Hollywood movie EXODUS" Exodus: Gods and Kings(2014) Remake of Exodus.. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1528100/? ref_=nv_sr_1 is this credit goes to story writer or rajamouli sirBaahubali _The Beginning (2015) : there is no new story line... copy and paste from Hollywood movie EXODUS" Exodus: Gods and Kings(2014) Remake of Exodus.. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1528100/? ref_=nv_sr_1 is this credit goes to story writer or rajamouli sir Baahubali _The Beginning (2015) the there is no new story line... copy and paste from Hollywood movie EXODUS" Exodus: Gods and Kings(2014) Remake of Exodus.. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1528100/? ref_=nv_sr_1 is this credit goes tostory writer or rajamouli sir
1 out of 4 

This is by far the closest we have got to Hollywood movies in terms of CGI. Director Rajamouli should be given a lot of credit to be this bold in terms of expansive scale of this movie. Yes, the cheesiness and the melodrama are all present which is all too familiar in a Telugu movie but that is not a deterrent to the overall movie.The cast is fairly new to me as I am an Indian from the Bollywood side but it is apparent that the cast did a good job with the acting. The story, although, in this first part of a two part series, is not very special (in fact, it drags along in some parts) but nevertheless the action is explosive and CGI is good and the story is coherent enough to make us not lose track of the plot and characters. With a good amount of running time, the movie makes sure the important characters are fleshed out properly.And the half hour long battle scene at the end is what makes the movie what it is. Carried out on an epic scale with thousand of crew members with and a lot of acres of land, the director spared no expenses to lay down his vision on screen.And though I knew it was a 2 parter, but I was surprised by the cliffhanger ending.A movie like this doesn't come often in Indian cinema, so the people missing it are missing out on a lot.Can't wait for the The Conclusion. I hope it's even better than this.
1 out of 4 

A classy piece of art, a story which is told never before over this magnitude and frankly speaking the magnitude of sets and other things is tiny in front of emotions created in scenes.Acting of cast rules the movie. Prabhas was over the top for sure bur everyone else is at peak of performance, Rana, Ramiyaa, Satyarj were brilliant. I generally don't feel Tammanah is a very good actress but the way she has performed with a mature image in the movie is simply excellent.In general I find south Indian movies very loud and sometime filled with overacting of the main cast, probably to get whistles in theaters. But this time Rajmaouli Sir has done a never before job and shown the entire world the art of storytelling, the script is fantastic and it's unfolding is even better, sometime you will wonder about Rajmouli, how could he do it? The largest cinema venture in Indian history and it's completely no nonsense?The way Prabhas carries the looks in his eyes while having Shivalingam on his shoulders is never seen before, I feel now there is a man who can manage his eyes better than Aamir Khan, so beware bollywood!!! The acting of overall cast reflects Rajmouli effect; sometime the director has that capability to create it.The portraying of Bahubali's character as a king is real tear jerker, you feel like having a king like him and to be ruled, Similarly Optimus Prime in transformers.So, Go and watch this Magnum Opus if you have not seen till date.
1 out of 4 

First half - Not to be critical but the films needs more originality. The story has greater potential for exploring the subject using innovative techniques. The initial half hour where the lead actress tries to follow the hero is greatly inspired by avatar. The fish healing the wounds, the congregation setting also are inspired by avatar. Nolan also greatly helped Rajamouli- the Avalanche scene with same camera angles are present in inception , the hero trying to grab the tree balk mirrors Christian bale escaping an underground prison in the dark knight rises. The background score is way above the average Telugu film but is also hugely relies on the Hollywood orchestras( thanks to James Horner). I really appreciate the fact that a lot has been tried.Second half - Shades Loki and Thor can be seen in our heroes. Rajamouli used this concept in chatrapati but only this time the bad roles is reprised by raana. It felt awesome the way the war strategy is put forward but it all fell apart when it came to execution. It fascinated me how the mother of two could listen and also observe the facial details of her kids who are fighting miles apart. The standard motivational speech that helped the protagonist gain more soldier and win is pure cliché. The orcs/dorthraki lookalikes did a better job at acting that some of the other characters.Technical department The camera work could have been a lot better. The slow motion camera is not used at all, even if it was used the frames do not give you a pleasing effect. The CGI shots are odd, making the scenes look like the quality dipped( like from 720p to 240p).Acting Rana, prabhas, Ramya krishna did a great job. I found it really frustrating when the important characters in the film cannot lip sync.Overall, the standards of Tollywood films is now raised minus the standard out of the place item songs.
1 out of 4 

This is an Epic Movie surpassing the already hyped up expectations well before the release. Movie starts of slow but picks up steam as it progressed with second half is so action packed, it rivals some of the top quality Hollywood movies of this scale.No words to describe the final hour of the movie. Hats off to Rajamouli for delivering such a thriller!! We can't wait for the second half of the movie. Whats interesting is that my kids rarely watch Telugu movies and they are blown away by the quality of the movie, storyline, visuals, drama and almost every about the movie. Again, hats off to both Rajamouli and his fabulous team.
1 out of 5 

One can even compare it to the best of Hollywood's movies.visually mind blowing scenes.got to hand it to the cinematographer for those.art director very talented.and director......well no words.amazing actors like shivagami and kattappa......though I don't give 1 star because lack of climax.keep waiting for another year.brilliant movie but too darn late.sorry.a perfect work gains admirers off its done in right time.but proves to Hollywood that India competes with best of best movies of Hollywood's.proud Indian cinema of Hindus. Better than Khan movies which do not respect Indian rich cultural and heritage practice.also a regional film maker and first attempt very successful.very happy.... Cheers.....worth the wait and second watch.
1 out of 5 

An Epic --- Beginning --- to an extravaganza.I'm speechless, A Tremendous Beginning!Every minute of the movie is an experience with an Interesting story, Grand Visuals and scores, great characters and top notch performances by Casts. All credits to one and only mastermind Sir SS Rajamouli. Goosebumps throughout the movie!Electrifying performance by Prabhas (I wonder Rebel Star, what they are gonna name you after this).Tightly scripted the characters come to life - you sense the actors have become the characters they portray! For me this film Brings new meaning to the word 'epic'
1 out of 5 

To all my movie mads.. Strongly recommend,, Please Go watch this Epic movie ‪#Bahubali‬ to experience the cinema of today's made in "Bharat" by talent of my proud "Bharat" you will bless n be blissful by this beautiful creation. Director ‪#ssrajamaoli‬ n Actors ‪#prabhas‬ ‪#ranadaggubatti‬ ‪#anushkashetty‬ ‪#tamannabhatia‬ OMG.. The music is an eye opener for those who only try to bring garbage in the name of creatives..It's a treat guys, you will travel in another world.. Go watch, before any lame shallow piece takes theatres, treat yourself with this class n epic art..Bahubali' is not a movie but an experience which every Indian will be proud of !it shud make all dumb fans of top stars realise that a film is bigger than power star, rebel star, super star etc star and etc etc.......
1 out of 5 

The priceless aspect of this movie Baahubali is, the persistent perfection and finer details of SS Rajamouli (& his team) in all his Works. This made the day for me. For instance i) the Prabhas/Thamanna Tattoo Palindromes episode,ii) Naming the kid Bahubali by Ramya Krishna seeing the strong palmar grasp Primitive reflexes etc etc many such finer details have been observed by Him & His Team through out the film. #Hatsoff for that Trait !! Truly an Epic, although it did not produce that much of Awe&Kick that His films' usually give, for instance Magadheera,Eega. But is understandable for this 1st part, given the nature of the movie, being split in two. Guess the 2nd part would nail it and produce double the Awe&Kick. Personally i would rather like it to be a single movie somewhere at 3hr40min length maintaining a poised pace,editing & screenplay, than a 2 part movie.
1 out of 5 

excellent making and best actors with apt personalities make it believable for audience.the film first part's Karnataka and Ceded (Rayalaseema) region distribution rights were sold to a prominent distributor for ₹23 crore (US$3.6 million) out of which the Ceded region, which included Kadapa, Kurnool, Anantapur, Chittoor and Bellary areas, the rights alone fetched ₹14 crore (US$2.2 million) At the same time, the film's Nizam region theatrical distribution rights were purchased by Dil Raju for an amount of ₹25 crore (US$3.9 million). only for the first part.[37][38] Though he did not confirm the price, Dil Raju said in an interview to Deccan Chronicle that he purchased the first part's Nizam region rights and added that he would acquire the rights of the second part also for this region. BlueSky Cinemas, Inc. acquired the theatrical screening and distribution rights in overseas.
1 out of 5 

The most expensive film in Indian history does not really disappoint rather it impresses. It somewhat offers more than other high budget flicks. The main attraction of this film is undoubtedly the visual effects. It is ,in one word, magnificent. Also the audio effects were up to the mark. The story of the film may not be terrific but nevertheless it is quite interesting. The characters were developed with much care and actors have executed their directors vision excellently; although Prabhas did not seem convincing for some parts during the first half. The main credit goes to the director for envisioning such an huge project and more importantly making it a reality.
1 out of 5 

One of the best movie with good graphical effects produced in India.. the effects are simply superb.. even beyond avatar and life of pi.. the entire scenery had to be in graphics.. the graphical effects blend in, similar to avatar and life of pi.. you cannot expect star war creature's in this movie. The action of ramyakrishnan and satyaraj are simply superb.. i seen people critise songs and sexual scenes.. they are part of Indian cinema culture.. this movie is not for English people or did they dub in English for their appreciation. .its a movie for Indian audience for their taste..so stop complaining about this and appreciate the hard work . I accept movie needs fine tuning yet remember its just the begginning..
1 out of 5 

Baahubali - An Amazing Mesmerizing Telugu Epic film.Great efforts made by Jakkanna and his team.Superb action performed by Ramyakrishna, Prabhas, Rana, Anushka, Tammanna and Satyaraj.The War scenes are the best ever scenes in the movie.VFX was used up to its peak.Kudos to the team.It remains to be the greatest film ever made in the history of Telugu industry.Eagerly waiting for the sequel of it.
1 out of 5 

Well, the wait almost worth 3 years hasn't gone in vain. The movie is just wonderful though it has minor flaws. First half of the movie is OK and second half is mind blowing with trade mark Rajamouli emotions (I guess you know what I'm talking about). I bet you get goosebumps for the first 15 minutes post interval, emotions run high at this part of the movie. Art Direction and Cinematography are out of the world for a south Indian movie. So is the stunt choreography. Climax keeps you guessing what's next in this master piece.Plus Points:1. Art Direction 2. Cinematography 3. Direction 4. Lead Actors Performance (Especially Ramya Krishna and Satyaraj) 5. Background Score (It could have been better but still elevated some scenes superbly)Minus Points:1. Tamanna (Definitely a miscast for that role) 2. Screenplay (Especially the First Half) 3. Item Song in Second Half (Kind of spoiled my experience)Overall, it's a never before experience for South Indian Cinema goers. Go and watch it in a theater with good projection/sound system.FYI, Don't miss the beginning of "Baahubali - The Beginning"!!
1 out of 5 

This movie took 3 years to get completed and it definitely needs a long review. But will try my best to give it in a nut shell. I have been little late for this movie and got lots of reviews among which majority was like a boring first half , average second half and a epic climax but here i say without hurting anybody's feelings that i am completely against them. My view of this movie is quite different and as follows.STORY & SCRIPT: I am sorry to say but even when i am typing this review only 2 things keep wavering in my mind about the story. I personally feel the story is not original but inspired from Mahabharata and Game of Thrones.I even felt the characters are inspired by the mentioned epics ( BhallalaDeva, KalaKeya, Kattappa, BijjalaDeva). Few Weapons are exact replicas from video games. But Mahabharata even inspired lives why cant it inspire a movie so its definitely not a flaw. 3/5 CHARACTERS AND CHARACTERIZATIONS : Definitely inspired from the above said epics but the characters were perfectly cast down. Enacting was good by all the actors but i cant say its perfect. 3/5 CGI, GRAPHICS, PRODUCTION VALUES: The movie was a real Grandeur to watch and every penny spent has been seen on the silver screen. The kingdom of Mahismathi really lifts the value of Telugu cinema to the world. There were few glitches but 75% of all the graphic works were very realistic. 4/5 MUSIC: Was really a major drawback for the movie. BGM was good only at few places. 2/5 DIRECTION: Rajamouli has proved himself once again that he is a perfect commercial movie maker which can break the records. He laid a platform in the first half and if u really connect to the movie not even a single frame is boring. As a personal view i felt the whole movie was a platform for what we are going to experience in the Sequel . As many say the ending is not at all abrupt its a perfect directorial talent to create enthusiasm for the next .3.5/5 VERDICT : I enjoyed the movie watching its grand presentation ,,, But did i #LiveTheEpic ???---- Definitely NO. 3.5/5
1 out of 5 

Bahubali the beginning ....is the best Indian Movie I have ever watched. Right from the start to the end every single scene has been shot with such finesse which will mesmerize the audience. Screenplay, direction, camera men's work and graphics all have been exceptional. Movie is thoroughly entertaining. The care taken to carve each shot is truly admirable. Actor Prabhas has delivered an excellent performance. Not for 1 minute I felt I was seeing Prabhas on screen.... I could only see the character he was playing.Last but not the least hats off to the great film maker SS Rajamouli and all the actors for their brilliant performances.
1 out of 5 

Each and every frame is a grand masterpiece. The story just goes smooth and interesting with each and every character giving their 100% especially Ramya Krishna giving life to the movie!Really appreciate Rajamouli's direction, Prabhas, Rana, Anushka and Tamannah's acting.Shivagami's and Kattappa's characters are marvelous.I am amazed at the scene where Kattappa bows himself before Shivudu and puts Shivudu's leg on his head!Hidden suspense! Who Avantika is and why their team wants to save Devasena, story of Bahubali, how Bhalla kills him and how Shivudu takes revenge!A must watch film.
1 out of 5 

For those who haven't watched it yet, no matter how big your expectations are...bahubali reaches it. I was not at all disappointed... Those who saw the resemblance of the fight scenes...should actually see the char names, song picturization, they also managed to squeeze an item song which you can't even imagine in a Holly movie. I loved every frame of it.In a 5 hr story they should take 30-40 min to introduce all the chars, so the lag and love are essential things that build the right amount of wait to feel the second half.It can't get any better, if you say that it didn't reach the expectations, also think how can it get better😝
1 out of 5 

Movie makers publicized this movie as 'India's largest motion picture'; that largeness can be clearly seen in this movie. The movie team worked hard for three years, but finally we have to consider what they put up on board. I haven't seen a movie of this genre in Indian Cinema recent times.Plus Points: For every 15 minutes, we can see some strong scenes that will mark a place in our heart. War episode and visual effects in it are extremely good and executed in Hollywood style. Emotions are elevated perfectly. Sets designed for the kingdom 'Mahishmati' are amazing. Every main artist in the movie have done their job to their best. Prabhas look aptly suited the character of Shivudu and Baabhubali. Rana gave a top notch performance in negative shade. Tamanna is gorgeous but Anushka has little to do in this first part of the franchise. Ramya Krishna is elegant with strong characterization. Nasser and Satyaraj play their roles according the needs. Finally, the extravagant sets, spectacular amazing visuals and the sheer emotional magnitude are the main highlights of this movie.Minus Points: The story of this film is routine and easily predictable for Telugu audience but I think it may be new for foreign audience. Film end abruptly without giving any high. That disappointed me. War sequences are not so fast and crispy. I think they must edited for fast pace. Songs disturbed me a lot. They take out our attention from the main story. I feel that the romance between Tamanna and Prabhas looks artificial and has no soul in it. I sometimes felt that movie is running in a slow pace. In every Rajamouli's film, there will be some haunting background score which is lacked in this movie.Special Scenes: Waterfall scenes and war scenes are amazing. Sudeep's guest appearance is good but not great. The item song 'Manohari' with Nora Fatehi and Scarlet Wilson is sexy.Final Words: One can watch this movie for great visuals and emotions and not for great story or screenplay.
1 out of 5 

Over the past decade, Telugu film director SS Rajamouli has established himself as a man who can deliver CGI-heavy cinematic spectacle.His latest is reportedly India's most expensive film ever. Bahubali opens with a bang — we're plunged into an otherworldly medieval landscape, with gigantic waterfalls, towering mountains and forests. A woman (Ramya Krishnan)descends from a mountain top into a river valley, carrying a baby in her arms.Forest dwellers rescue the boy as she floats away to her death. What follows is the story of an orphan boy discovering his true identity, and an expository tale of a heroic king back stabbed by a trusted friend.As the protagonist (Prabhas) tails a fairy like creature (Tamannah) over waterfalls, and giant armies clash swords, Bahubali begins to feel very much like The Lord of the Rings. Some of the aesthetics are clearly borrowed from this epic series and Zack Snyder's 300, but there's enough startlingly original design to call it inspiration.What really makes the film work is that it is, at its heart, a fast-paced adventure, fuelled by themes of questing and redemption.Prabhas is exceptional as the lead, hulking yet charming. Rana Daggubati is perfectly cast as the villain, his performance layered with subtlety and nuance. The final scene of Bahubali reminds you that the tale will be concluded in next year's sequel. By the time the credits roll, you're left wishing it would come sooner.
1 out of 5 

Truly a legendary movie. It's a movie which takes Tollywood to a completely new level.I'm eagerly waiting for the second part.Must watch movie for all type of audience. Don't look for logics, just enjoy the masterpiece.The visual effects seems to be in par with of Hollywood standards, considering the budget cap. Credits to Rajamouli, for fulfilling the dreams of every movie lover. In some parts of the movie, the music has reached a new level. But it disappointing in the rest of the parts.I'm proud to say that, Baahubali was produced from our Industry. Waited for 3 years to see this epic movie.So, I can wait for another 1 year for another classic movie Baahubali-The conclusion.
1 out of 5 

Such an awesome and must watch movie.This is the first movie which meets Hollywood standards.Bahubali opens with a bang — we're plunged into an otherworldly medieval landscape, withgigantic waterfalls, towering mountains and forests. A woman (Ramya Krishnan)descends from a mountain top into a river valley, carrying a baby in her arms.Forest dwellers rescue the boy as she floats away to her death. What follows is the story of an orphan boy discovering his true identity, and an expository tale of a heroic king backstabbed by a trusted friend.As the protagonist (Prabhas) tails a fairylike creature (Tamannah) over waterfalls, and giant armies clash swords, Bahubali begins to feel very much like The Lord of the Rings. Some of the aesthetics are clearly borrowed from this epic series and Zack Snyder's 300, but there's enough startlingly original design to call it inspiration.What really makes the film work is that it is, at its heart, a fast-paced adventure, fuelled by themes of questing and redemption.Prabhas is exceptional as the lead, hulking yet charming. Rana Daggubati is perfectly cast as the villain, his performance layered with subtlety and nuance. The final scene of Bahubali reminds you that the tale will be concluded in next year's sequel. By the time the credits roll, you're left wishing it would come sooner.
1 out of 5 

Where can i start, it has every thing to become a complete movie with a thrill at the end.It makes you believe that there is kingdom called Mahishmathi exists and each character has unique characterization.Only i could say VFX has some glitches due to budget.otherwise; it's a bang for your buck.It has excellent action, romance, thrill, high emotions, visuals, music, BGM and Art.The direction is flawless including Art, DoP and Music.Watch this movie if you want to experience a different world and go away your boredom.
1 out of 5 

Oh my! What an experience. Don't miss the large screen feel. Rajamouli proves once again that a good cinema knows no language/star barrier. A simple evergreen story can be told with style and panache. Maghadheera and Eega had proved it and now Baahubali. Each and every actor seems to have gone the extra mile for this. There are moments which will make you feel the urge to get up and shout "Jai Maahishmati"! It has been quite a while since we have seen a movie coming out of the Indian stable which can have a pan regional appeal. Baahubali will easily be liked by everyone who allows themselves to be swept in to another world for 160min. There are flaws for sure but the few shortcomings will vanish by the time credits roll and you will find yourself waiting to come back to see what's next. Hats off to the team.👍big fan
1 out of 5 

this movie is a huge success, it really went far away from what i expected from an Indian movie thanks to sir Rajamouli, the direction was excellent, i would like to appreciate the whole crew for making this wonderful movie, i am not gonna spoil it for any one, but the hero's entry is awesome, every one acted well especially Rana's acting for his role is good, the war strategies were Indian and it was not copied from English movies, rajamouli had directed this movie in such a way that the audience cannot wait for the part two for one whole year, i hope the part two will be more better than this, this is the first Indian war movie which i liked, i would suggest every one to watch this movie and write down there reviews, i cannot believe that an tollywood movie is rated as 9.5 i am glad that this movie had made an sensation in Indian movie history, in one single word to describe the movie it is "legendary".
1 out of 5 

I was eagerly waiting for this flick after watching beautiful waterfall sequences in trailer but unfortunately it was not up to the expectations. I tried not to sleep during movie.Story has all elements required for epic war saga, be it ruthless king, jealousy, struggle, conflicts between 2 brothers for kingdom, betrayal, back stabbing by devoted army general. What it lacks is execution of story. Writer and director have failed to develop interesting screenplay with all above elements. Film maker have heavily relied on CGI and cinematography rather than content.Inspired by Mahabharata, it is dynastic struggle for the throne of Kingdom. Bahubali and Bhallaldeva are cousins in race to be King of Mahishpati Kingdom. Conflict become serious between cousins when Bahubali is declared as King by Sivagami ( Grandmother of Bahubali and Bhalladeva ). Humiliated by Sivagami's decision, Bhalladeva and his father Bijjaladeva plot conspiracy and kills Bahubali ( At least that is what can be concluded from first part of the movie ). Subsequently Sivagami had to flee in exile with Bahubali's son to save his life. Unfortunately she dies in river and Bahubali's son Sivudu is raised by tribal located beneath humongous waterfalls. Sivudu came across another tribal girl Avanthika while exploring unknown place beyond waterfall and mountains. Avanthika's tribe also have conflict with Mahishpati Kingdom now ruled by Bhallaldeva. Sivudu agrees to be part of his lady love's battle. He is unaware of the fact that he has looks of his father Bahubali and he met Kattapa, devoted faithful army general of Mahishpati Kingdom. Kattapa recognize his king's son and Story of Bahubali and his death is unfolded by Kattapa to Sivudu. There we see surprising twist in story as Kattapa confesses that he had killed his father Bahubali. First part of Bahubali - The beginning ends here. The final conclusion will be in second part which seems to be more interesting as it is unclear why devoted army general kills his king.As mentioned earlier movie's plus points are high quality graphic and lavish production values. We must appreciate hard work put across to shoot Waterfall and war sequences. Waterfall shots are beautiful and eye candy. War scenes are par excellence and can be easily compare with any Hollywood movie. Except 2-3 scenes inspired from Hollywood movies like Indiana Jones, 300 and Lord of the ring, rest all battle scenes are original and visually impressive. Great work by cinematographer Senthil Kumar, Production design by Sabu Cyril and action director.Screenplay is not up to the mark. In fact some of the scenes are laughable especially romantic sequence. At least while pouring hell lot of money in such grand movie, one should avoid showing lead characters in funny manner. Typical South Indian hero and heroin material have ruined flow of movie. Can we expect our directors to avoid showing dancing hero heroin and item song, at least in war drama. It really annoys to see item song and dance in this type of movie. Development of characters in proper manner is missing. Many unnecessary scenes could have been edited.Prabhas and Tamannah have tried to deliver their best, so does rest of the cast. None of them praise worthy though. Prabhas had opportunity to play double role of father and son. He should have used it while showing change at least in body language or look or expression in both characters. We see same Prabhas in Bahubali and Sivudu. Tamannah, well she did exactly what director have expected her to do. Ramya and Nasser who are senior most actors have done their work properly.Overall this movie is excellent as far as look is concerned. But could have been better considering impressive story line.
1 out of 6 

Just watched this film from a nearby screen. I am still feeling mesmerised by the sheer effort put in to this film. First of all "hats off" to Rajamouli. In a nutshell this is a historic action flick. But to me it is a masterpiece,the actors did a wonderful job especially Ramya krishnan. She had the perfect capacity for doing such a brilliant role. Rebel star Prabhas did really prove the point that he is The Rebel. A film gets its fare share of success from a strong villain, and there lies the importance of Rana. If u are in search of nerve wrecking action, thrilling dialogues, picturesque views, you are in luck because u have ,BAHUBALI The beginning
1 out of 6 

Firstly, I feel the whole team which had worked to make this movie must be appreciated. I feel they have achieved a magnificent product. It was really marvelous, if you for a moment forget that Hollywood ever existed. I would say, it's a proud attempt bye ace director SS Rajamouli and I am really amused by the way he could achieve it. Now Talking about the movie, I should say it was an brave attempt as the movie budget was so much more than any Indian movie till date, but apart from that I felt movie lacked few things in particular. The making of the movie (scenes) lacked consistency. I personally felt that few scenes were exemplary while other few scenes lacked the magic. It seemed like all the scenes were not directed by the same director. Secondly, the VFX and CGI were really well used but it's the same with those effects too. Few scenes were really well developed, and few scenes were not at all up to the mark. Third point I would like to make is, the fact that few scenes lacked logic, but these days it has become a common practice to ignore logic and just enjoy the movie, but it was surprising to me as the director SS Rajamouli, is not one of those directors who would miss logic. Fourth point I would like to mention is about the acting skills portrayed by the Actors and they were really well up to the standard, but I personally felt, actress "Tamanna" could have done better. Apart from that I felt all other actors did an exemplary work. Fifth point I would like to talk about is, Story. The story is quite normal and common and lot more predictable than what I expected. The movie seemed little slow before the interval but it picked up pace after it and to put it bluntly, the movie actually starts only after the interval. Sixth point I would like to mention is the music. I personally was very disappointed by the back ground scores and songs in the movie, as they lacked the spark to make the movie viewing feel easy, instead they seemed more like some normal tunes being played. For example, a very important and particular scene in the movie which had been well filmed would lack a similarly put back ground score. The other thing which was huge disappointment I felt was, repeated using of same back ground scores more than once. It made me wonder, why different tunes were not created when they had almost three years to make a movie. I strongly feel that music director for the sequel of this movie must be changed for greater good. The abrupt ending of the movie, was also something which kind of makes one wonder, if this was the real interval scene. Anyway what I really liked about the movie was the fact that it was made and it seemed more like a welcoming sign for Tollywood (Telugu Movie Industry). This movie has already proved that people irrespective of there languages in a country like India would love to watch such a flick when picturized carefully. Overall, the courageous attempt by director SS Rajamouli must be appreciated, it was a very daring step and I think he deserves a lot of credit for this movie. I felt it lacked fee elements but I did enjoy the movie. A very Indian movie, making such a huge attempt is something which made me feel proud.P.S: Watch it as an Indian movie without comparing it to Hollywood movies because only then you can really enjoy it, but once you start to dig deep you would find many similarities or influences from few Hollywood movies and that wouldn't really help and even though it's a biggest Indian movie, not all scenes would please you, especially VFX and CGI.
1 out of 6 

It is a magical wonder on Indian cinema. The movie is made in two parts and this is the first part released now. The graphics and the screenplay, cinematography cannot be matched with any other Indian movie till date.The South Indian cinema once again dominated the Bollywood movies and those so called Bollywood movies are far behind the South Indian movies in terms of technology and quality.Every one watching the movie will get immersed watching the wonderful and superb story line.The actors has lived in their characters very well and all credit goes to the director SS Rajamouli, his imagination and his thoughts are well shown on the big screen.This is the first part of Baahubali and the second part is set to release next year. The movie ends on a suspense note and makes the audience waiting eagerly for the second part, which is expected to release in next year.After a long time this movie made headlines all over India and it is worth watching the movie.
1 out of 6 

What amazes me is the arrival of this movie and the fact that in years to come I will get to see more of them. I always kept wondering that if India is a land of myths, history, struggle, why don't we have such Epic movies (with actual visual and sound effects like 300 or Troy) in our country. And Lo! we have one, the first one now.Great effort. Songs are always spoilers in Indian movies, but I liked the first one, it was amazing. I found bits and snippets fitting in perfectly well within the realm of the over all story line. I found the song right after the interval abominable. Best characters I liked- Kattapa and Kalkaya war lord. In the movie that was approximately 2 hrs and 25 mins long, I sat at the edge of my seat for about 30 mins in the second half. And that was spectacular. Though I felt that a bit more research on making the war strategy stronger could have made more worth out of the money invested in effects. Nevertheless really liked it.If this movie had arrived in the times of Braveheart, I would have given it 10/10, now that a whole family of them have already made their mark, it stole some points away on originality. But still for the 30 mins at the edge of my seat, 8/10. And you can't watch it on small screen, better to give it a miss.
1 out of 6 

i had watch this movie because i like the trailer. the movie uses very good graphical effects no doubt . so to be honest the movie doesn't have the potential which can expect by the viewer. but that doesn't mean the movie is not watch able either. the movie is very entertaining. the war scene are quite well . fun to watch specially the war scene.cons: no need add song or unnecessary love scene or item songs. common south India you are better than Bollywood . south Indian movies are always proved them selves better than Bollywood movies . only south Indian people have the guts to make so high budget with well graphic movie .this movie prove that the India can also make the movie like lord of the ring or 300 etc..i have only one request for the director to please next time give me Oscar materials So that every Indian like me forget about the Hollywood effects. thank you
1 out of 6 

Bahubali: The Beginning_ My ReviewThe opening scene has an aged queen drowning herself protecting the life of a new born baby, presumably her grandson, thereby shielding a sovereign legacy. Generations carrying valor and vengeance blended with pride and kingship are what Bahubali offers, with a blockbuster package of breath-taking war sequences, sporadic landscapes and across-the-board epic drama. Though Bahubali has factors which stand out of a usual movie, there are certain things filling the negative side too.Well, let's start with the making part. SS Rajamouli, a sealed logo of his name on the movie poster itself is a symbol of blockbuster and that repeats here, he packs everything perfectly but misses certain stuff that could've made Bahubali a classic beginning. He requires special applause for making a drama of this kind that raises the bar of Indian movies to the lines of certain foreign movies, that too in a comparably shoelace budget. His vision of building an empire called 'Mahishmathi' is supported by Sabu Cyril, Peter Hein and Senthil Kumar. Those mammoth size sets of Sabu Cyril itself offer that realistic feel of an epic kingdom, while Senthil Kumar ably captures them all, trying maximum to provide novel frames; whereas Peter Hein gives his best at the action sequences. On company of these men, there is MM Keeravani with gripping background score, which simply elevates every sequence to another level. There were more than a couple of sequences every hour offering goose bumps, mainly in the latter half. That quick climax just throbbed my spine, creating a hell of thrill.While there are too many at the positive side, certain portions and misplacements disturb the mood. The supreme of them are songs, Manohari and Pacha Bottesina were purely avoidable songs, which not only disturb harmony but also lower the standard of the movie. Certain portions of Tamannah too required crop tool, especially the makeup scene, the director's attempt to mix stunt with beautification didn't come out well; seemed idiotic.Epicness of characters is yet another interesting factor of Bahubali. Though Amerandra Bahubali and Bhallaladeva stay as usual hero and villain, the characters of Kattappa , Sivagami , Devasena, Kalakeya and Bijjaladeva make the plot look grand; Satyaraj's Kattappa inspired from 'Parvateshwar'of Shiva Trilogy, being the most interesting one. His performance was best among the actors; came out as a surprise package. Ramya Krishna's grandeur Sivagami was perfect, impeccable performance. Prabhas looked impressive with the character elevation offered to him; gave the best from him backed by macho looks. Daggubatti Rana looked good with cut shots and CGI action, had nothing great to perform, hope he gets better content in the Conclusion. Anushka's brief appearance was damn effective, whereas Tamannah revealed more skin than talent. Prabhakar's Kalakeya war lord was tailor made. Nasser was wonderful as expected.On the whole, SS Rajamouli's Bahubali: The Beginning is an introductory part to a forthcoming epic drama, Bahubali: The Conclusion; though certain stereo elements and misplacements come as negative, the visible craftsmanship of talented men make The Beginning a great watch. The IMAX Big Screen Experience of this flick is worth mentioning.Final Note: Brilliantly crafted; could've been better. _Sooraj Pattazhy
1 out of 6 

I have never seen a movie in the history of Indian cinema that could level up-to Hollywood except and only for Baahubali. The movie starts great with the excellent picturisation of water falls and starts all refreshing.The camera work has been excellent and a few scenes take your breath away. The performances have been superb and the most untalked and underrated performance being of Prabhakar (Kalakeya). His dialogue delivery has been excellent and the language he speaks reminds you of the movie Apocalypto. By far I credit his performance as the best and the next best being Ramya Krishna's.The avalanche scenes of Prabhas and Tamannah takes you to Hollywood and you forget that it's indeed an Indian movie. The war scenes remind you of Hollywood blockbusters Apocalypto and 300 but there is no straight correlation of the scenes.The movie leaves you an impression that will remain for at least 2 days and scenes flash in your head that make you want to watch the movie again, the only problem being you don't want to spend another $ 25 to watch it :). You are unhappy at the end as you have to wait for another year for the conclusion.All in all, an epic movie that will be remembered for a good 20 to 30 years at least. Kudos to Rajamouli whose caliber only enhances by every movie and can be considered easily as the highly talented film maker India has ever produced.~ Santosh Addagulla.
1 out of 6 

With a budget of about $40 million, one can expect how much hype an Indian movie can create. Bahubali: The Beginning indeed succeeded tremendously at the box-office despite having a weak and predictable story line and some disappointing screenplay. I started with a negative note as I myself am disappointed with SS.Rajamouli, who's previous movie Eega was such an entertaining flick, he really failed in all the aspects of film making he is usually good at.Bahubali doesn't have enough drama and emotions that would keep you on the edge of your seat. That said, it does manage to grab your attention with some good VFX and some scenes are a visual delight.Some parts could have been cut short like the Item song and the chase in the snow and a VFXed avalanche. That was quite unnecessary.The acting could have been better keeping in mind that the actors were reserved for the film for almost three years. Prabhas did a fair job as both Sivudu and Bahubali. Rana should have mastered his accent a bit and Tamanna should have been replaced. She is pathetic as a Rebel(or a soldier).Ramya Krishna steals the show with her dominant performance.Satyaraj is convincing as Kattappa and Nasser is wasted.Background score is distracting and the worst from MM.Kiravani till date.None of the songs are memorable.The movie could have been extended to 3hrs and ended properly instead of telling the audience to come back in 2016.Comparing this movie to 300,Troy or LOTR would be foolish. 300 made with about $60 million is far far ahead of Bahubali not only in VFX but also on the screenplay and story departments.Summing it all up, its a costly movie but not an exceptional piece. The team showed a lot of potential but could't really put it together well.Hope the 2016 conclusion (Sounds ridiculous) would be better. 6/10
1 out of 7 

The buzz forced me to watch it. And boy, was I enthralled.Atheists must skedaddle, for this epic war drama takes references from Indian mythological history, which means some sequences will be specious for those thinking minds to bear.A queen who is on her way to embrace death uses her supernatural powers to hand over an infant to a tribe habituating under a gigantic waterfall's catchment. This child whose destiny has some relation with what lies beyond the waterfall is the protagonist of the story whose crux lies in that beautiful thing majority of the filmmakers around the world love and majority of the audience around the world hate: cliché. So to speak, the plot where this kid grows to become a hunky man (Prabhas) who explores his background history and gets absorbed into a period world of power, war, and betrayal is purely basic on a pH scale. Of course, the God-like story makes only half sense. And it is up to the viewers to carry out the process of making the other half sensible.It is apparent that telling a new story was never the intention of the makers. They use a tried-and-tested theory to showcase what they can do with the technical aspects. From the entrancing score to the monumental designs to the artsy CGI - everything works greatly in the film, entertaining its audience who feel feeble in front of the lively yet beastly characters. Although, there are instances where there was no blend between the CGI and the setup.The mammoth setup and its design is the highlight of the film which demands total attention. Even though the film is long enough for the naysayers to rant about, there won't be any instance when one will feel bored with the events. The score itself is enough to hold you captive. The battle sequences and warfare are so good that anyone who has watched the TV series Game of Thrones (2011) will definitely be able to relate. So much for the epicness, I could even sense few sequences inspired from the series. Performances are better if you compare the actors' previous performances in other films. The blink-and-you-miss love story adds romance to the otherwise tense plot.BOTTOM LINE: The first part of Bahubali is an extravagant feast for the dim Indian eyes which sets the bar high for future epic war dramas, if one is ready to ignore the loads of scenes that defy logic or science or both, ironically on a massive scale.VERDICT: 6 stars out of 10. Watch it for the goosebumps.Can be watched with a typical Indian family? YES
1 out of 12 

This is the first movie with a good graphics in India and also it is the highest budget movie ever made in India. But it is not comparable with Hollywood. You wont like this movie much if you have seen the movies like 300, rise of empires, exodus,etc. This movie would be greatly enjoyable by those who haven't seen the war movies of Hollywood yet. it has a descent and a nice story. movie script is good, songs are good, Acting is good, Reality is not bad, average graphics.the trailer was very very impressive but the movie dint meet the expectations. I would say this is very good try by the film makers. over all its a nice movie. one time watch.
1 out of 13 

Mahendra Baahubali... Wow. This movie is amazing. Graphically thanks to AMD probably but S. S. Rajamouli made it a king of bollywood. This story will leave you at the edge of your seat and the characters are amazing as well as comically amusing. 10/10 throughout and loved every second of it.
0 out of 1 

Not being all that familiar with Indian cinema or pop culture, I really didn't know what to expect when I added this to my Netflix queue, just that it looked colorful and might be entertaining. Being not all that fond of musicals, I almost bugged out of the movie about fifteen or twenty minutes in.But something made me stick with it, and I'm glad I did.Take one part "Machiste" muscleman sword-and-sandal flick, one part "Lord of the Rings", add a liberal dose of Shakespearean tragedy, and season the result a bit too heavily (for my taste, anyway) with lavish musical numbers (Okay, I did like the Mahishmati anthem: It's a stirring and very catchy composition.) Garnish with some jaw-dropping wackiness -- from a Western perspective, anyway -- and you've got "Baahubali".I have to admit I found the second movie somewhat better than the first, but by the end of "Baahubali: The Beginning" I was captivated by its larger-than-life characters and epic storytelling. This and its sequel are well worth watching, even if like me you're not a big fan of Bollywood films.
0 out of 1 

Very few movies are in Indian cinemas which are great and this movie is one of those. All the characters did there best. Every frame from starting till end says the great story of this film. Dialogues and songs are good.I will give 8 rating because it is fantasy movie and lot of hard work had been done in creating.
0 out of 1 

Although differing in style from what I am used to, "Baahubali: The Beginning" (2015) is a great fantasy epic – think of Lord of the Rings with a bit of Fred and Ginger stirred in. Every cliché shot is shamelessly thrown in, so there are lots of freeze-frame action poses, running away from burning backdrops, slow-motion carnage, prodigious jumps with heroic landings, hyper-dramatic sunsets, and tough guy squints and sneers – a little over-the-top at times but always entertaining. As I was watching a sub-titled version, I can't really comment on the acting but the characters all looked and sounded the part. The tone of film is quite uneven: other than the bloody prologue the first act is quite lighthearted but then progresses to lots of bloody stabbings, impalements and decapitations in the second act. The showpiece final battle is a real mix: graphic gore and incinerations mixed with 'cartoon style violence' (e.g. picking up men by their feet and using them like flails – an absolute lack of respect for the laws of physics permeates the film). Plus, there is an awesome chariot equipped with spinning blades that reminded me of the head-chopper in Caligula (1979), which is good enough for an extra point in my rating. All in all, a fun fantasy epic and an interesting example of the parallels and contrasts between "Eastern" and "Western" big-budget action cinema. Lets hope the success of this film prompts an equally ambitious movie version of the "Ramayana".
0 out of 1 

Baahubali and Baahubali 2 are the best South Indian films of all time...I have started watching South Indian films after watching Baahubali last year...And this year Baahubali 2 has broken all the records...All the actors Prabhas, Anushka Shetty, Rana Daggubati, Ramya Krishnan, Satyaraj acted so well...I became a fan of each and everything of Baahubali...Especially Prabhas and Anushka became one of my most favorite actors and actresses...Congrats Baahubali team...You deserve this success...Best wishes for all of your upcoming projects...
0 out of 1 

I knew that this movie would be good but Rajamouli surprised me once again and took the movie to whole new level it is one hell of a spectacle and a visual treat,i wont be comparing to other movies but it's storytelling,vfx are all one of it's own kinds,i am pretty impressed by war scenes
0 out of 1 

Baahubali the beginning is not a movie it's a world of visual wonders. Creator SS Rajamouli and Vijendra Prasad garu done a good job. In some sequences the CGI is gone but overall it's a perfect movie for the viewers.Darling Prabhas you are outstanding in every way. All the cast members are superb except Tamannaah. She has talent but I think she is not the perfect choice for Avantika's role. Other cast members include Ramya Krishna, Rana, Nasser, Sathyaraj and Anushka well much appreciated. The background songs and music is fantastic.Overall it's a great entertainer for the viewers.
0 out of 1 

With second installment on this series out, if you have not watched this one then please DO watch it before you go for second one. Both first and second parts are great. Great acting, screenplay, location everything. First part is available on you tube for free in HD quality. If you want good entertainment, and looking for movie with good story line, and solid acting then go for it. There are some parts which may seem unreal - like main characters have too much strength, but give it is story about 1000s of years ago. Good things is it is not about any super powers or extra terrestrial powers.
0 out of 2 

Story Line and direction : Very good epic part chosen from very well known Indian history. Dialogues delivery is very strong. Way of direction is of world level. VFX Technologies used are of world level.Casting : Every single character did his best of best. Movie will not allow you to move for a single minute. :PIf you have not seen this movie yet then you must go for this.
0 out of 2 

It is not until very late that I saw the shape of this film entirely. I have seen bits and pieces of it previously but its the first time I saw the whole film and I must say I loved it. Pulling off such a vfx heavy film so brilliantly itself speaks the journey. A must watch. It will grip you every single moment and will make you long for more.
0 out of 2 

With a string of blockbusters to his name, S.S Rajamouli never fails to impress. And he keeps up this legacy with another master piece, Baahubali: The Beginning. Stunning visual effects, Strong storyline, Excellent acting and Beautiful music is what makes this movie a sure shot winner ! Watch it for the Awesome cinematic experience and never seen before visual effects. So why exactly did Katappa kill Baahubali ? Well..we would be waiting for the answers till the next installment..*Fingers Crossed* I have now started finding better movies through www.flickstree.com. It not only suggests great movies to watch, it also tells where you can watch the movie online.. Highly recommended.
0 out of 1 

amazing movie. one of the best movies i have ever seen. special effects are outstanding. beautiful and marvelous waterfall will make you feel like heaven on earth.war scenes make you stunned.congratulation to all team on making such an epic movie of all time. the team has work very hard it can be seen from the movie.it is not easy to make such an amazing movie with this cheap budget on which Hollywood spend millions of dollars. lots of people act in this movie it is not easy to handle this much huge crowd. this movie deserves to be best movie of this year.if you haven,t watch this movie go and watch it now.it also containing lots of goose bumping moments and make you to do better in your life. overall amazing movie to watch
0 out of 1 

S S Rajamouli only two movies shows director the way of picturization ,today using technology ,eega we didn't care in homes and facial expressions from eega, rajomuli shown big screen ,even Lucky eega or makhi shown in big screen. days and days work and months including. And international standards bahubali shows the way of work ,india costume designing ,mahsmathi kingdom, 1 lakh soldiers between two groups ,using vfx technology , new camera using by rajamouli . simple thing why we like some English movies like because they work using technology . and only Indian director started in this generation ,one question what is the movie of work and picturization ? Ans eega and bahubali shows practical by s s rajamouli, jai hind ,jai mahismathi ,jai rajamouli.
0 out of 1 

To say the least would be an understatement ... The soundtrack and choreography were colorful and delightful. The musical(s) were diverting, yet, amusing--but pleasing. All-in-all ... very interesting. The best saved for last, were the battle scenes that were fascinating, absorbing, and compelling. They were well done and my hat goes off to "S.S. Rajamouli", for luring us into a whirlwind of confusion with his puzzling end. Actually, "END', is inappropriate for Bahubali: The Beginning, for it is the first movie of the series of three that has been planned to be released in 2015, 2016 and 2017. Very clever, and I can't wait ...
0 out of 1 

This one is a Visual Wonder of Indian film industry. The story line was simple in this movie but the way cgi effect shown in this film was really great. Anyone can use VFX effects in the movie but in this movie the way they used within the budget and got maximum output from limited resources. The way the movie goes in second half will amaze us and mostly we will get feel of the gladiator movie.All the actors are good and perform their part really well. Prabhas is okay in the beginning but transforms into a behemoth during the second half. This guy is a natural. He doesn't act exceptionally but his presence is enough to give you the feels.Floored by the technical excellence and Visual effects. Standing ovation to the creator Rajamouli. Must watch movie and the best Indian movie till date. RamyaKrishna, Sathyaraj, Prabhas and Rana at their best. Eagerly waiting for Part 2. Background score is a plus for the movie. Art department, Cinematography, Stunts are the best technical departments to this film besides Visual Effects. In par with Hollywood style of making with no compromise on the quality. Costliest movie ever made in India. War Sequence, Idol erection are the best scenes to ever watch. Visuals of Waterfall, Kingdom are some of the magnificent brilliance to experience.The background score needs special mention because it is amazing. It is different from anything you have ever heard in India. The score that plays during war is haunting. The sound effects are haunting, pleasing and give you goosebumps at the same time.If you miss this movie, you've just lost a once in life-time 'Indian' movie experience on a big screen.
0 out of 1 

Since you must have already read many well written reviews, praising the gigantic, never before kind of amazing effort made in Indian cinema all over the media, here is a different take on the subject that might become an eye opener for many changing their individual viewpoints about our rich regional cinema ignored since ages.Beginning with a reality check, its simply great that BAHUBALI has released with such huge publicity campaign supported by Hindi film industry's key representative Karan Johar in Telugu, Tamil and Hindi simultaneously in about 4000 screens in the country and widely in overseas too. And I am personally feeling charged to see this all, not because of the 250 crores spent on it with a definite vision or the CGI triumph achieved equivalent to the Hollywood standards, but because of the one man behind the epic, S. S. Rajamouli thankfully getting introduced to our Hindi film audience with a big bang giving him the long deserving recognition as an Indian film-maker and not only a Telugu director.So (though he might have ventured in just for his monetary reasons) I am thankful to Karan Johar for releasing this film exactly like a big Hindi project making it reach a wider 'ignorant' audience of our country, introducing them to one of the Top 5 directors of our Indian cinema at this moment, a name they might be hearing for the first time due to their own misconceptions.Coming to BAHUBALI as a film, it needs to be seen (strictly) on the big screen at the earliest to believe the unbelievable achieved by its exceptionally talented team as a collective effort. As a matter of fact no amount of words can explain the gargantuan product delivered by the visionary S. S Rajamouli along with his impressive performers. But if you insist on knowing the words, then it's a mesmerizing epic of 2 hours and 40 minutes that uses the silver screen as its magical canvas throwing amazing visuals one after another like never seen before in our Indian films. Ambitiously conceived by the path breaking filmmaker revolving around a traditional theme, BAHUBALI beautifully utilizes the modern VFX technology generating a larger than life impact on the screen with an incredible scale and grandeur.It's mind-boggling visuals of a massive waterfall, the out of the ordinary ancient empire, the 50 feet tall golden statue, the angry bull, the scary snow-storm and an almost 30 minutes long completely captivating, stunningly executed war-sequence in the end with outstanding background score and so detailed sound designing simply forces you to think that, 'How the hell they managed to do it like this in India?"The spectacularly designed world of BAHUBALI is full of many magical moments brilliantly executed on the silver screen by Rajamouli along with his Art director Sabu Cyril, Cinematographer KK Senthil Kumar, music composer M. M. Keerawani and the costume designers. And it does remind you of many blockbuster films of Hollywood in terms of visual treatment like TROY, THOR, 300 and more, that's nothing less than a landmark achievement made by an Indian filmmaker. In fact, last time I felt and wrote something similar was after watching MAGADHEERA directed by the same genius.Keeping an over-emphasis on mighty visuals offering a colourful extravaganza, this time Rajamouli also stresses more on emotions, well supported by a terrific cast with Prabhas and Rana leading the show along with the impressive Ramya Krishna as the queen. Sathyaraj as Katappa, leaves a strong impact and Tamannah does the action well in her undefined role providing the required glamour. The otherwise dependable Nasser remains much close to hamming unexpectedly and it indeed must have been a hugely difficult task to manage the big number of people visible in its various sequences, particularly in the bloody war executed astonishingly before the climax.Having said all the above, BAHUBALI isn't a flawless venture as it has nothing new to tell as far as the story goes. Reminding few reference of MAHABHARATA it's the same old tale of betrayal and revenge around a fictional empire where we have two princes in rivalry for the reputed throne. Plus following a neutral approach of revealing both sides of the coins here in the review, BAHUBALI doesn't come up with a thoroughly engaging first half in comparison to the second. Heavily relying on technicalities and an obsession for visuals, the film delivers "less entertainment and more amazement" in its longer duration abruptly finishing on an incomplete note.Also I was disheartened seeing few poor additions in the script, like Shiva suddenly dancing after replacing the enormous Shivling below the waterfall, the deliberately added romantic track with all those tattoos and tearing off Tamanna's clothes giving you a feeling of 'seen before', an unconvincingly easy escape from the mahal by the prince and an unwanted item song coming after 120 minutes into the film, that is never a pleasant sight to say the least. In addition, with due respect to all the technical stalwarts and team working behind the special effects, the miniature models could easily be caught in a few particular long shots that was hard to believe in a Rajamouli film made on such a scale (I never felt that way while watching MAGADHEERA).But then ending with a balanced insight, respecting the humongous attempt made by S. S. Rajamouli and his team, BAHUBALI deserves to be seen in the theatre as a must to experience the never before kind of magical execution undoubtedly. More so, as it's the biggest, the grandest and the most magnificent visual treat ever witnessed in our Indian Cinema till date.And remember S. S. Rajamouli is to be respected, adored, loved and celebrated as an Indian maestro director and not a Telugu filmmaker alone shedding off that sick, biased and racist approach for good.
0 out of 1 

You should watch to understand the evolution that we see in coming years of Indian cinema! Strengths: They dared to make a movie with Hollywood special effects, something that no one had ventured before! Excellent initiative. They valued the local history and nature. natural scenery provided excellent real images. They appreciated the relationships between people, which we see in the movies Hollywood ... The conquest of Avantika by Baahubali was the culmination of film, valued natural situations malice, play without many "effects of phrases and bed" as in Hollywood ... it was Magic, Perfect! For a film with a meager budget of 16milhões dollars (Compared to the 300 million Hollywood) is excellent! The local artists, unknown and played their roles, although the Indian culture refers us to a young man whose beauty hinders our identification with the character. Great story! By constraints facing the film is excellent worth watching! Excellent movie with 3 exceptions: 1 Tapped hair "epic" of artists valuing played hair or sweat out of his face. It was not cool were hilarious ...  2- The chauvinist Indian culture that is clear in the film even though the queen and the warrior. 3 Peca in special effects, but the audacity to try to overcome the mistakes! Congratulations!.
0 out of 1 

I watched this movie late. I had heard so much about it but had not watched the movie as wanted to see it on big screen. I was able to see it on my movie projector and I am glad I did that. It was an amazing experience. The waterfall scenes, the royal city, the battle scenes. Everything was a masterclass. The movie direction is gripping and the story and presentation just awesome. Everyone's acting is worth mentioning. Prabhas and Rana are in full form. I have not seen them in any movie before so it really settled for me. It is one of the best movies to ever come out of India. It has raised all the bars. Giving 9 stars because of a 10 min sequence of Shiva and her lady having foolish romance and useless songs, get rid of that and it is a 10/10If you have not watched it please watch it now!!!!!
0 out of 1 

Epic... Humongous... Stunning... This are one of the first words comes to mind when watching this magnificent film. It raises the bar to new pinnacle for Indian Cinema. It can easily compete with epic Hollywood movies like Troy, Gladiator etc. Dazzling visuals, good music and delightfully crafted final battle are few of the strong points of the movie along with its well-built fascinating story which never became stale. And cliffhanger at the end keep me waiting impatiently for the Conclusion.Direction, acting everything nicely complement each other. Leading actors Prabhas and Rana had done lots of hard work which pays off marvelously. They totally own the characters and do that effortlessly. Ramya Krishnan, Satyaraj are heart of the movie. Anushka Shetty is impressive and Tammana looks gorgeous. As a fan of epic movies LOTR, and TV series like GOT and Spartacus it's good to see our very own movie which excel like those. This movie brings new hope that someday we can finally see the adaptations of epic Mahabharata and Ramayana on silver screen which surely will make LOTR run for many... :)
0 out of 1 

I never thought i would like any movie this much after Sholay and Gadar but S.S. Rajamouli Ji proved me wrong completely wrong.I was watching this movie on Laptop alone in house and was not able to stop myself from clapping ,I didn't went to see this movie in theaters and i seriously consider it as one of mistakes in my life i would like to correct ,,Trust me i have seen lots of movies from all round the world ,i know the visualization(technology) was not of Hollywood level but still the ideas alone were beating the whole most Hollywood movies ,If only director knew of this success he would have surely spend more 80-90 Crores on technology and made all time great movie for the world ,and this tech. part i'm only saying for those people who just want to see HD killing and stuff otherwise there is not a mistake of even single second ,,If only they would have done half the promotion they do for 99% Bollywood movie,this movie would have easily gone to earn more than 1000 Crores easily as myself came to know about it 2-3 months after it came off cinema screens and u still don't believe me wait for Baahubali part-2 and see the earning ,,can't guarantee for quality of 2nd part as compare to first one though but first part was legendary and hope 2nd will be too FINGERS CROSSED ;)
0 out of 1 

New movie Reviews and lots more Hot news .... LIKE THIS PAGE : English Hindi TAMIL TELUGU Facebook : Movie Review by Yunus Irshad https://www.facebook.com/YunusIrshadsMovieReviewBaahubali: The Beginning (U/A) TELUGU --------- my Rating: ★★★★½ FULL OF CREATIVITYSTRENGTHS:- * SS Raja mouli's full of creativity in each and every scene * Magnificent script well delivered by director..... * Grand casting and performances..... * Very good music and background score.... * Climax Twist will amaze you.....WEAKNESSES:- * Casting of Tamanna....FINAL VERDICT:- * Overall.. it is best movie of Indian cinema making all us proud. After watching this movie, I say SS Rajamouli is next to James Cameron, full of new scenes and breath taking visuals will amaze you. Great art work and beautiful camera-work. Especially, the sound effects will give real war experience in last 30 mins. Director will tie all the knots in Part -2 and makes all us to wait till the end of year. I strongly recommend to watch this, if not then you have missed a good cinema.In ancient India, an adventurous and daring man becomes involved in a decades old feud between two warring people. Director: S.S. Rajamouli Writers: Vijayendra Prasad (story), S.S. Rajamouli (screenplay) | 4 more credits » Stars: Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty | See full cast & crew »
0 out of 1 

This movie is an example of how the movie industry has evolved in India. Baahubali:The Beginning a story about a lost prince who unexpectedly returns to his kingdom under certain circumstances.The story is this simple but screenplay and execution was merely new and never seen before.Lets break it down into a few parts.Firstly,director SS Rajamouli has proved that he is one of the most creative director's in Indian cinema if not in the whole world.His previous movies like Eega and Maghadheera might be low on budget,but new in the creative world and top notch in execution and production value.Again,in this movie he proves that he can use big money to big and great effect.I have to admit that the VFX in this was not perfect,in some parts like the snow scene and the bull scene the green screen is clearly seen,but other than that the VFX is just so brilliant that one would not believe that they are watching an animated live action movie,simply magnificent,especially with a budget of $18 million,thinking about movies that has budgets like $100-200 million and still fail to do good VFX.The sceneries in this film is beautifully shown,especially the scenes with the waterfall at the beginning.Now coming to the war sequences,it was really amazing.I just found out that this is the highest rated war feature film ever on IMDb ever.It thoroughly deserves it.While watching the 40 minute war sequence was so interesting that it felt like it happened in a few minutes.I have to give a big thumbs up for the entire Baahubali team and director SS Rajamouli for creating this state of the art war scene that has been never witnessed before in any cinema.One could never imagine the hard work put in by the entire crew and adding every small detail in this masterpiece of a scene.For the amount that they spent,this is far a better execution that anyone expected.Bringing in more than 5,000 people for this war scene is not a joke,and showing it this convincing for the first time in the taking is never a downhill task,it was purely amazing and great,hats off SS Rajamouli for this alone.Now lets look at the performances of the cast.I never knew anything about Prabhas in the past,but after this I feel like looking at his previous movies.He just blew us away with his mind blowing performance as a son,king,lover and many more.His performance shows how much dedication and hard work has been put in by him just to do these roles successfully.SS Rajamouli has sketched his character perfectly and Prabhas has don his role superbly well that nobody could have ever done it like this.Supporting casts like Rana,Anushka and Tammana did extremely well.Rana was awesome as a brother and villain for Baahubali.Special mentions has to go down to Ramya Radhakrisnan and Satyaraj,both these actors added the extra flair to the movie and subsequently made the movie look brilliant in many parts.For me Satyaraj and Ramya Rdhakrishnan should win the most awards after Prabhas in this film.They were great.Coming to the music,the movie had a great back ground score and songs all the way.Some of the song numbers gave me goose bumps big time.The cinematography of this film is simply breathtaking,kudos to the cameraman. I have written so much and there is still so much more to say about this film and I know I can't fit it all in one review.All I know is that this movie is magnificent piece of art which showcases Indian cinema in the best way possible.Every Indian should and I think will watch this movie.Final say,keep the doors wide open for Indian cinema,we are coming soon.
0 out of 1 

You have seen a lot of war movies but this kind of movie, No. Only this could be done in India. The weapons used in this movie were so historic throughout the Indian history. The pure dressing, Instruments, equipment, war materials and other all tells about the how old the Indian people are.Those who say wrong about this movie, they don't know about the actual and real Indian history and its wars throughout the time. I must say you have to watch this movie, its super entertaining and full of information about the Indian history.My rating is 9/10 because I think they can improve CGI effects. I admit, Indian Cinema is growing and I am waiting for the Baahubali - The conclusion.
0 out of 1 

At the outset, leave comparisons with Hollywood behind. Treat this movie on its merits and it is great !A mythical tale with good, evil and a lot of middle ground, this movie does not try to tell a historical tale nor is it an interpretation of a book but is a wonderful amalgamation of fantasy tropes wound up into an interesting, decently acted and above all, fun story.The visual effects are very good by Indian standard but about average for the massive budgets of Hollywood.The battle scenes are well done, if a little over-the-top (but no more so that Sauron demolishing whole armies with his mace or Legolas swinging up onto an elephant by its trunk).Treat this movie for what it is - fantasy - and you will enjoy it.There is one thing though - this is India's first foray into big- budget fantasy cinema and it is a revelation. With any luck the momentum will not be lost and more films of this genre, each improving on the next will emerge.
0 out of 1 

OMG What a masterpiece- great job- Bollywood & Lollywood must learn how to make movies from Tollywood.- I've never seen such a beautiful scene picturization before like "Khoya & Panchhi"(in Hindi dubbing), beautiful composition and picturization- awesome action, costumes, story-line, script, Dialogues etc etc etc- the Flaws in script or gags can be Ignored as it's a Movie-A World of Fantasy- Tammana's beauty is just Stunning- Prabhas is Amazing in action, Romance, Fights Emotions, Expressions and Everything- the couple looked Amazing in "Rebel" too- Impatiently Anticipating "Bahubali-The Conclusion"- Because Seriously why Kattapa killed Bahubali? -
0 out of 1 

S.S. Rajamouli's Baahubali met and exceeded all the expectations. This movie was AMAZING! The acting was superb. Prabhas did an excellent job portraying Baahubali. This is probably the first Telugu hero who is actually built for all the action and fights. Rana was also great as the antagonist. Bravo to both of these guys for not only their acting in the film, but also their dedication to their character and spending a lot of time in the weight room. Ramya Krishnan, Nasser, and Satyaraj were all fantastic as well as supporting characters. This was a new kind of role for Tamannah as this was the first time I've seen her as a serious character in a movie. Anushka was also really good and her makeup was very convincing. The music and soundtrack was excellent also. It was so good. Songs weren't that great but the music made up for that. And the highly anticipated VFX effects were very solid for the most part. This is a beautifully looking film and there are only a few scenes where the effects could be made out. The battle scenes were Hollywood caliber. Rajamouli took a lot of inspiration from Hollywood films for the battle scenes, and it definitely paid off. The only reason Baahubali doesn't get a 10 is that the 1st half isn't as strong and entertaining as the 2nd half, and it felt a little boring at some points. Overall, this was an excellent film + and I can't wait for the sequel to come next year. From A+ to F, Baahubali: The Beginning gets an A.
0 out of 1 

This is one of the best master piece from south Indian films. A revenge story with high blood pulse.The movie is gripping all the time. There are scenes where the visual effects are spellbound.If you are thinking right now whether to watch the movie,the first thing you gotta do is to watch the trailer. I was impressed with the trailer initially and it swept my feet away. The movie is a blend of visual effects and the emotion.Like all Indian films, the emotion has been a high and it is a benefactor for the film. There are songs in between and it goes with the story of the movie. Finally a must watch movie for all movie lovers irrespective of where its made or who has done it.
0 out of 1 

Longest pre-production. Massive budget and huge star cast. Thousands of sketches. And much more. This is possible only when you have SS Rajamouli onboard. Though the film has a routine content, the VFX and CG works make it unique among all the Indian films and pushes it towards the top spot in everything. The actors are terrific, the technicians are terrific - everything is terrific. The songs are picturised well. Tightly engaging screenplay. The direction is fantastic. BGM elevates the scene and creates a mood. Costumes are amazing. All the actors performed well. You cannot judge a film like this, since it is new to this generation.
0 out of 1 

The film narrates a fictional historical story set in the fictional provincial kingdom of Mahismati. We can clearly see Prabhas has put in his heart and blood into the movie and the two characters that he has portrayed. He has worked hard for the movie for three years and has transformed his body to be the fiery royal king Baahubali and the burning Sivudu. It is a scene to be beheld when he lifts huge Sivalingam on his broad shoulders. In the battle sequences too, he is pitch perfect. Although there is consistency in his performances, the beauty lies in his towering screen presence. Surprisingly, Rana as Bhallaladev, the antagonist is also perfect and gets equal prominence to Prabhas. Rana is seen in single role but with two shades. Tamannah as Avanthika is drop dead gorgeous in songs but pale in delivering performance as the warrior princess. Technical Excellence: Major strength and highlight of the movie is high technical values. Rajamouli's movies have always been visually rich and technically sound with glitzy visual effects. No one can find a blemish in these departments with all technical crew working in unison to give the best output for this movie. Highlights:Spectacular visuals with high end graphics Gigantic sets and grand production design Prabhas and Ramya Krishna's stellar performances Outstanding camera work Picturization of Deewara and Paccha Bottu songs. Drawbacks:No emotional grip Uneven pace Dull moments in the midway Abrupt ending.
0 out of 1 

If you want to experience a truly outstanding Indian cinema, do watch this! A mythological story built around two cousins Baahubali and Bhallaldeva will keep you tied up to your chairs while watching the film. All of the actors have performed damn well.The most expensive film made till date in India fulfills your expectations.The last twist 'Why Katappa killed Baahubali?' is something which is hounding all India and will only be answered in 2016 :) Nevertheless the film proves that we can still hope for better Indian films in future!
0 out of 2 

In all my life I never paid for a South Indian movie, Even I am not crazy about Indian Movies, But After watching Baahubali, I would like to nominate it for the Best Picture of 2015. I would appreciate the following specifically.A. Story is quite good, All the drama is nicely added according to the 9th centuryB. Acting, the lead actors have done an amazing job at it.C. It is not like a mixed items movie Bollywood produces now a days, every scene has its value, not forced to make the length. Action is also reasonable for those muscular guys and their scripted origin.D. Environment, Creativity falls from everywhere, The looks and feel are so real for an Indian movie. Sequences are perfectly rewind- able.I would give 9/10, and I am eagerly waiting for the next part. Good job guys. Best South Indian movie ever
0 out of 1 

Watched Baahubali in Malayalam.This is such a movie which makes every Indian proud.All the credit should will go to Rajamouli and the VFX team for their three year hard work.Positive PointsThe VFX graphics are superb.Rana, Prabhas,Satyaraj (Kattappa's character is marvelous) did a great job.The extravagant sets, spectacular amazing visuals are the main highlights of this movie.The war seen was amazingNegative PointsI was disappointed with the unrealistic climb of the waterfall.The romance between Tamanna and Prabhas looks artificial.
0 out of 1 

The movie is set in a fantasy world, which is depicted well, but has a very common and predictable story. Nothing great about the dialogs and lacks to bring out a conclusion. Movie ends abruptly like a TV serial episode and is set on the ancient family revenge drama. The acting though is standout by every character and the direction too is touching excellence. Though having no story, the movie will bind you throughout. The scene depicting war is truly magnanimous and good direction highlights the scene as one of the most remembered one's. Lot of loopholes in the story line are staggered. The visuals and acting though completely over shadows them.All in all an OK movie, and a decent time pass. Wish the next part to be of some story line and containing more war sequences.
0 out of 3 

It has great sets and some cool graphics. Fight choreography and action sequences are nice. But not always & not at par with Hollywood. The story could have been great. It should be the central aspect of this type of fantasy so that the imaginary world would feel real. Actors have worked hard and effectively to fit in their menacing characters and it worked perfectly. The first half was more or less boring, except some visual flares. Second half was much better, it was all about flashback that lasted to the end with a cliffhanger ending that does not justify the length of the movie.It is all about visuals and great sets uncommon to Indian movies, also menacing roles perfectly acted but it's heart of story is missing. Over dramatic situations and excessive use of slow motions are also disappointing, in my point of view. For many Indians it can be ground breaking, but it does not deserve over 9 ratings in IMDb.
0 out of 4 

So finally, this enormous media frenzy and extremely viral social discussions over what is supposed to be the biggest leap in India movie-making (especially in terms of VFX and action), snow-balled into an overwhelming urge inside us to watch "Bahubali" in the weekend.Telugu Cinema has always been the front-line runner of the Indian film industry when it comes to visual effects, roaring impactful dialogues, over the top action-sequences as well as greatly unusual scripts. Add 250 crore budget to that and the premise of an LOTR- ish, 300-ish trailer, one just cannot ignore the juggernaut.So, the first thought which comes to mind is : The movie delivers on spectacle! Yes. The enormous uproar over what is supposed to be the best special effects coming out of the Indian movie industry is not for nothing. The only disclaimer would be : Don't try to compare it with the contemporary Hollywood Cinema. The visual effects as well as the magnitude of war-scenes along with the costumes do deliver an incredible movie experience, and are surely an epic surge from the usual. But, one could easily say that it is what Hollywood Cinema was roughly 15 years ago. There cannot be any complains though. Considering the budget, though it is giant going by Indian standards, it still lags behind greatly when compared to a usual Hollywood cinema incorporating visual effects.The part which is cringe-worthy is the weak script of the movie. One may argue that because it is going to be a two-part movie (Yes, the second part releases in 2016), the strength of the script has yet to be unraveled. But, no Sir ! The major half of the movie was just wool-gathering and did not induce any interest in the story. Considering that the first half was rather more about stunning visual effects, costumes and locations packed into songs and unrealistic romantic overtures, tells us much about how many crores went into those scenes instead of a strong script. But well, audience is the judge.Tamannah is lovable in the movie with her martial techniques as well as her beauty. The romantic chemistry of Prabhas as "Bahubali" and Tamannah as "Avanthika" may be a bit eccentric for the north-Indian crowd and could make them cringe in hilarity. One could also say that major scenes before the interval are purely comic.The movie takes a radical turn after the interval. Rana Daggubati playing as the antagonist "Bhallal" is the person for the job. He is as convincing a villain in 'Bahubali' as good a secret agent he was in 'Baby'. Nassar and Ramya Krishnan as "Bijjaladeva" and "Sivagami" respectively are the two pillars who have kept the movie in hold with their performances. Anushka Shetty as "Devasena" reminds you of the role of Rakhee in 'Karan Arjun', but her potential has yet to be revealed.The biggest part of the cake goes to Prabhas who plays as "Mahendra Bahubali" as well as his own father, who showcases various shades of human character starting right from a loving son to a benevolent prince to a formidable warrior and especially, a weird infatuated lover.The movie is not spared of the clichéd untimely insertion of romantic and item-songs which are the identity of Indian cinema, and surely makes the audience raise their eyebrows. The primary reason for that being more unbearable for the Hindi crowd is because of the dubbed Hindi songs instead of the usual Telugu songs (which could at least hold the Telugu crowd). The Hindi lyrics are totally a work- around to synchronize them with the Telugu lyrics' length as well as the meaning, and are plainly nonsensical. The Hindi dubbing of the dialogues in the movie also render the same effect in a lot of scenes, and thus somewhat reduce the impact the movie must create from its Telugu counterpart.All of that being said, the movie is still epic in its proportions and is a great stage for the take-off of the Indian movies in terms of VFX, action sequences and cinematic scale. All praises to S.S Rajamouli for his gigantic vision! Those who complain about Indian movies not being at par with the Hollywood in these terms, have something to look forward to and they should appreciate the effort, time and money put in the movie so as to encourage more such endeavours in the future.Do watch it for what it delivers, and not for what it does not. A great effort which should be reverted with the same enthusiasm. Just go for the spectacle.Overall rating – 3/5.
0 out of 6 

