 Readers who come to this review later in the series must note that, at the time of this writing, I have only seen the inaugural episode. It's probably safe to say, when dealing with a series of novels as beloved as The Song of Ice and Fire, the most scrutinized aspect of the T.V. adaptation will be how well it holds to the source material. I am here to confirm, as a fierce devotee to the books, that we have nothing to fear.While certain scenes play out differently in execution, the plot remains perfectly intact (so far). The characters have been transplanted well from page to screen, and the actors (most notably Peter Dinklage) nailed their personalities quite well. However; it is only fair to point out some of the acting seemed a little wooden at times.Special effects were well done, though nothing mind-blowing, but the scenery and props perfectly captured the feel of the novels (in my mind at least). It also must be noted that there was just the right amount of nudity, violence and vulgarity to let the audience know they were watching a tale woven for mature viewers without using said nudity, violence and vulgarity as a crutch.All and all, I am very, very pleased with this adaptation, and I went into it expecting to be disappointed. If I were to gripe about anything, it would be that newcomers who have not read the books might not know what to think of this fantasy story for adults. Some may shrug it off as fodder for geeks, while others might take offence to what they may see as a defiling of a genre usually meant for children.UPDATEAfter watching the entire first season, I can safely say this is perhaps the BEST adaptation of book into film/TV. While many moments in the show do not match the moments in the book action for action and word for word, the plot is never sacrificed when doing this, and the alterations simply make the story a better fit for a one-hour television time slot.In addition, new scenes (by which I mean scenes which never happened in the book at all) fit seamlessly into the greater plot, and help the audience with information they would only otherwise get via the narrative of the novel (EG: asides which explain character/world history).Top form, HBO. Top form. 
 Seeing a review comparing this brilliant title to Lord of the Rings made me make an account here and post my very first review. I had very high expectations from this series and I believed that it will (like most TV series) absolutely ruin the book. And I couldn't have been more wrong! Where do I start...The cast is great, though not amazing with one exception - Sean Bean is perfect for the role of cold master of the North, Eddard Stark. The setting, the atmosphere is perfect and not boring at all! Some scenes are just amazing and are exactly as written in the book - for example the scene where they find the wolves, the nature and the dialogs are just as they should be. Now to get to the part most people are interested in: What is this? What can I expect of the series?THIS IS NOT LORD OF THE RINGS. Now that I got that out, I can continue. The very idea behind the series is a lot different. It's based around great families on different sides of the world, the stories their members have to tell and the secrets they hide. And there are many secrets, You will have a chance to witness small portion of them in the first episode. If you cannot follow the story just yet, don't worry! It's meant to be like that, you will eventually get to know all the characters and get involved in the story so much you will BEG for next episode just to see what happens.What to expect? Plots, love, action, war, hatred, quite a few surprises and much much more... All that after the first episode. I really hope they will not ruin it as the series progress. Conclusion: Do not miss this! Yes YOU complaining that the book is better. And everyone else. 
 Love, betrayal, greed, murder, corruption<U+0085> All collides in mythical world of Westeros. George R. R. Martin's world is unlike any other fantasy world you have ever seen. The main conflict lies between two families: House of Stark and House of Lannister, but there are many more stores to be told<U+0085>Eddard Stark (Sean Bean) is the main character of the series, and the story is mostly about him. Since HBO has staked a lot of money into this series, there will be a lot of colorful characters, just like it the books. The art dept. has done a magnificent job by creating a whole new world from scratch. Costumes, armors, landscape, photography<U+0085> All has been done in well-known HBO way. Travel along side your heroes, from the cold North, and The Wall with Jon Snow, across the desert-city on the South, with Ned Stark, and join Daenerys and her riders on a mission to retrieve the Iron Throne.Let the Game of Thrones begin! 
 First of all, I am a huge fan of the books, and I find it exhilarating to see a show that is so close to what I made in my mind while reading it.I see some of the reviews are complaining about the sex and violence, to me that is like going to a restaurant, order a steak and complain about getting meat..They keep true to the epically written book, and they depict the characters in an excellent way.With a few exceptions I would say they have made what will be an epic show here, and I would really hope that they continue for all the books. 
 This show is superb! While I may be bias as the book series is my favourite book series of all, I still think the show itself is fantastic! It sticks loyally to the books and doesn't "dumb things down" for a wider audience. If you are worried you won't gain the same experience by watching the show before you read the books, fear not - It's the same experience, with a different medium!Although, I guarantee, soon you will be so pulled into the world of Westeros you will run out and buy the books just to find out what happens next!Sit back and enjoy, my friends - Winter is Coming! 
 This TV series is magnificent! I read a book and I must say that A Game Of Thrones is one of the best books I've read. So when I first heard that HBO will do a series on the this book I was thrilled but I was afraid that they will not be done exactly by the book. But I must say that I was wrong and that the series is better than I thought it would be. Much better! While I watched the first episode I had the same excitement as the time when I first read the book. HBO has done a great job and they fulfill all my expectations. Sean Bean was born for the role of Eddard Stark. Costumes, scenes, actors, everything is done as it should be. Actors are perfect for the role they play in the series. For me the biggest surprise of the series I figure Daenerys Targaryen. Emilia Clarke actress who plays Daenerys Targaryen is more beautiful than I imagined it would be and more beautiful than is described in the book. The Wall is a lot different than I had imagined, but in a good way. The series revolves around Eddard Stark and his family. He has a wife and five children, three sons and two daughters. Eddard Stark is ruler of the North and close friend of King Robert who needs his help in ruling the Seven Kingdoms.The seven kingdoms, united under one ruler, have lived a life of peace and comfort since King Robert took the throne. But nothing is ever as it seems. Within the king's court there is murder and treason, with no one aware of what is really going on. Across the seas, the last remnants of the previous royal family gather forces to reclaim their throne. To the north, the unthinkable gathers, the creatures of myth and legend that have been forgotten. 
 Game of Thrones on HBO is a TV adaption of George R.R. Martin's books, a Song of Ice and Fire. For those fans who know and love the books, then you can't help but love the TV adaptation. It is difficult to translate books into movies or TV series, but HBO's GoT made it look easy. The characters, cast, scenery, costume, etc., all looked incredible, and gave me the feeling that I was inside the books themselves. Although not every little detail was translated perfectly, and nor should they be, the pilot episode was a grand achievement.For all those Nay-Sayers out there: If you don't like the series, then you probably have never read the books or watched the countless behind the scenes trailers that helped those who didn't understand the complex storyline. Yes, this story is complex, its original, its fresh, and it is very exciting. The story line gets better with each episode. You also have to keep in mind that this story is an adult story, and as I said, it is complex. Simply put, HBO didn't dumb the story down, but rather remained true to the core of this epic fantasy. For those who have never read the books and found the pilot interesting, trust me it gets better and better. Stick with it. 
 With an average score of almost 10/10 from almost 1 million users, do I even need to write a review? Oh well, why not?No TV series or movies can be compared to GoT. In many BS movies/shows you can predict the ending after watching it for a few minutes (good ones always win and the bad ones seem to be completely retarded, blind, and incompetent. Well, not anymore!!!The story in GoT is absolutely amazing, filled with interesting and "realistic" plot twists and unexpected events.Acting is great, costumes and scenery as well. Every character is unique and interesting, and its great watching them develop. Everything is top quality. If you start watching this, be prepared to get addicted quickly - you'll just feel a strong urge to watch the next episode, and another, and another until no more episodes are left. There is a downside to GoT however that needs to be mentioned: as many have stated, after watching it, you will realize that 99% shows/movies out there are not up to its standards. A show of this quality is rare indeed. 
 I was reluctant to start watching this, mostly because I am *so* unique and different (in case you missed the sarcasm in the text, I'm being facetious). In all seriousness, I don't know why I avoided it for so long, but I wish I hadn't. This series is awesome.I also didn't realize that it actually delved into items such as dragons, witchcraft, etc. I really, really like it and I'd recommend giving a few episodes a shot to see whether or not you like it. Please don't judge it on the snow scenes. That is the only storyline that I seriously don't get, and wish was cut out - I feel like those people have been lost in the snow for forever. 
 I kept being pestered to watch this... two weeks later, I'm completely hooked and on my second viewing of both series.The best thing about the show is the fact that you ALWAYS want to watch another episode after one has finished. It's quick paced, and with so much going on at once, there's never a dull episode. Somehow, you really start to connect with their world and grow strong emotions for characters (AHEM JOFFREY I HATE YOU)I also love how you don't know who's going to die next... Purely exhilarating and I can't wait for more of Season 3 to be released!After reading these reviews, I can't understand how anyone can rate this less than a 9 - there are very few flaws if any, and it feels like Game of Thrones fills A HUGE GAP in TV. There's nothing like this show and I'm dreading for the day when we are given the last episode... Just watch it to believe it. 
 After seeing today in Game of Trones how father let her kid/daughter being burned alive, I realized that author of this serial, as well as HBO may need professional (medical) assistance. Actually, since the beginning, it is hard to find anything that would make anyone feeling good. Seems normal people are in this series only and exclusively heading to miserable ends (being brutally killed, beheaded, burned, skulls being crushed by bare hands to name a few - and any similarity with world around us is pure coincidence) while negative characters are in full swing!So what is the message of your work Mr Martin? Enlighten me, please.As far as I am concerned, G of T is for me finished.Mr Martin your G of T stories may make a lot of money but are in the essence sick, barbarian and ethically worthless works. No one learned anything from you, neither become a better person by watching your work. Wonder if your kids watch your masterpieces and how do you feel about the moment that motivated me to write all this.Tom/Malta 
 I watched GoT until the end of the 4th season. It's about nothing but soft porn and uncensored disgusting deaths. The story is much slower than by LotR (which is slow), and there are no great battle scenes which could make it better. There is just talking, sometimes sword fight, torturing, that's all, no one to empathize with, nothing to learn from, nothing exciting. Even watching ants is more fun (I guess). It is like a bubble, shiny, full of colors, but there is nothing inside, there is no value in it. I guess people who don't want to think, just watch, can really enjoy it. Good for them, but not for me. I decided not to waste my time with this series ever again. :-) 
 Words cannot describe the entire run- time of the Game of thrones TV show. But numbers can. 0/10.The entire f u c k i n g show could have been the seven awful minutes of this; People get naked, lazy camera, lazy effects, some fan-service here and there with a bit of terrible acting on top, wiggling eyebrows and Emilia Clarke's boobs, since beyond that her acting has nothing to offer. End of story. Seriously, the inhabitants of earth have spent 8 million dollars for that s h i t, and it s u c k e d! Immensely. Game of thrones (The c o c k -s u c k i n g showcrap, not the outstandingly written book) was such a gigantic failure on all fronts that I can't even nitpick it properly. The best part of this clusterf*ck were the subtitles. "Directed by Some H a c k and starring Overpaid Jack A s s and Talentless but Fun to J e r k Off To So and So." Big shows like this tend to bring out the worst in people. It is still beyond me how anyone can genuinely defend the Dornish plot and stand for what the show-runners did to beloved book characters. There is no human on planet earth that would have been able to discern the needy screams of a child from the cacophony of b u l l s h i t loudly blasting out of the speakers and the screen. And for him to have the world rooting for him, pushing for him to succeed and then failing so utterly and entirely is just a reaffirmation of the endless fallibility of the human creature and the sheer pointlessness of life. Game of thrones was, really, comparable to a fourteen- years old teenager being called by an unknown attractive girl for 'fun time', but after arriving finding an obese, fifty- years old drooling pedo on her place. Only instead of raping little boys, DnD are content to rape our minds (though I'm sure they would find either equally satisfying). In the end, they have your money and you are left with nothing save want. Every single new character the writers added for whatever reason from down to Ros to the worthless c u m stain called Olly was empty, lifeless and dull as f u c k. Pointless, insulting and stupid, too. Talk about cashing in on other people's s h i t... What's that? You liked Malko and Myranda? Grow up, t w a t. You are a r e t a r d. And a dork. And s c u m.But that's just the start. We all know what plot armour is. We all hate it. And Game of thrones shoves it down our throats. Frankly, what else could we have expected? They hired the dude who wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine. 
 like most American series, this has now gone on long enough, it was OK for maybe the first couple of seasons, by season three it had begun to fade, more dialogue, more characters that come and go and with no end in sight. it is now a game of bores,i don't really care about anyone, just like battlestar galactica, this is liked by people who normally would run a mile from fantasy, as with galactica this is really a soap opera with locations and costumes, the fantasy elements virtually gone, with galactica there was no sci fi but just boring soap scenarios. the fact that the author cannot find a way to end this says a lot, as with soaps again there are no endings just stuff that goes on and on and on and on. this not shakespearen nor does it say much about the human condition, there is nothing we have not seen before, done a whole lot better 
 Game of Thrones is a poorly adapted show that is well suited for plebes. It is not a faithful adaptation of Song of Ice & Fire series. This show had lots of unnecessary changes that infuriated me. The showrunners replace many important scenes with meaningless garbage. GoT ends up missing important scenes and dialogue from the books. GoT lacks any substance, and creativity. The showrunners made too many mistakes. GoT does not deserve praise, but scrutiny. Critics should be embarrassed for praising Game of Thrones. No reviewer is that stupid. This show has too many problems to be praised. I personally think that the showrunners simply bribed the critics into giving the show a positive review. No reviewer would ever give a 9.5 average rating on IMDb for this sh@t. Unless he was bought. GoT List of Problems: 1. Poorly written characters (Dull, & boring generic characters). 2. Lack of foresight when writing these characters. 3. Lack of development. 4. Poorly structured story. 5. Each season is crammed into one book. The seasons should have focused on one book. We would have ended up with better written characters and a fleshed out story. 6. Miscast characters. 7. Missed scenes: many key details missed. 8. Not a cohesive story. GoT masquerades as a good series. The truth is that Game of Thrones is nothing but an overrated pile of sh@t. All GoT has going for it is sex and violence. The success of Game of Thrones is attributed largely to the plebes' lack of taste. This show is made to entertain plebes. If you doubt the review I had written. Please go back and read the books. You would see that Game of Thrones is nothing but a missed opportunity. 
 I must say that the realization of this series is astonishing. Acting is great, image is great, music is great. The story on the other hand is worst trash. Nobody knows how it will end, but I can tell you, ...unfortunately. It will have no particular meaningful end. Everybody will be killed or die in some disturbing way, and at the end you will not remember how and why it all started, which is actually true for the last few seasons even now. The whole world desperately awaits for a meaning but there will never be one. Whenever the story will end, it could have ended equally well after the 1st season. Even in Chinese movies the tragedy has some deepness, there is honor, sacrifice, values, and death has purpose, in this one if something resembles to anything, one can be certain it is just a vessel for surprising the viewer with another unexpected random death. A pattern emerged and after 5 seasons any hope for a decent story is long dead. The worst part is millions of people are disturbed by the story but they keep looking for the hope it will get better. It never will. When people wait starts to obviously become annoying the author just kills the main character, does not matter how, and this way makes the story unexpected, again. It is so dumb when you actually think of it, that no one put that before on paper, with success at least. You will probably continue to watch, and only the end will show you what an incredible waste of time this TV series was. 
 It always felt like this show was sitting just below excellence. Feeling the need to take a cheeky giggle at a nipple or dick every so often to make the viewer pay attention.D+D The producers of the show clearly think you're not very clever if you watch this program. You need a pair of boobs every so often to keep you going through a story far too difficult to follow for a TV simpleton. That's nonsense, and yet they do it every episode. No one in Game of Thrones is looking to fight for what they believe in, or for honour, or for freedom. They're too busy wandering from North to South and East to West finding their next companion for ludicrous out of the blue sex scenes. If it's not sex, then the character will probably die at any moment too. Killing characters makes a show deep and clever, no one is safe...that's what you're supposed to believe. The boobs are classy, the deaths are clever. Shut up and eat some popcorn and stop thinking about the world or questioning the dubious quality of this show. If you wanted clever you'd read a book, but lalalalalala there isn't a book like this anywhere on the planet and you should definitely not look for one!The way this story has proceeded is pathetic. Shallow. Half baked and weak throughout. Characters have no depth what so ever. TV can be excellent and characters can be complex, just check out Breaking Bad for a quick and easy example. Shows do not need constant death or constant sex to sell. We don't need silly one liners throughout every scene. The story to Game of Thrones was supposed to be epic, and yet it's now just one big story about how a pretty girl with nice boobs and 3 dragons is going to fly across the world and become queen.This is not good enough and the shark has officially jumped. 
 Where Game of Thrones stumbles is it's (dis)ability to properly handle characters and a story at once. The creators of this show are apparently bound on showing needless scenes of naked woman belittling themselves in every episode. Nothing is right with that statement. Just because your show is on HBO doesn't mean nudity needs to appear whenever possible. See Silicon Valley, why can't all HBO shows handle nudity like that? Oh yeah, because Game of Thrones needs an audience. Strip the nudity and you have a worthless show that may be the most atrocious thing to ever exist. Perhaps you will all see come the final season, because eventually the writers have to stop daydreaming of women and actually make a television show. 
 <U+0095> Bran wants revenge on Lannisters 'cause Jaime throws him off a window<U+0095> Arya wants revenge because her family dies <U+0095> Cersei wants revenge because Ned discovers her plotting and later on because she's stripped of her clothes and seen by the whole kingdom <U+0095> Tyrion wants revenge because he has been mistreated <U+0095> Ned wants revenge because he's the only good guy(and likable) in the show, and wants to show the whole kingdom what an a**holes the Lannisters are, to bad he doesn't have the time necessary <U+0095> Robb wants revenge cause his father is dead, oh wait was that a spoiler? Sorry, now you know the whole season 1. <U+0095> Daenerys wants revenge because Mad King was assassinated <U+0095> Jon Snow doesn't want revenge, or does he? <U+0095> Stannis wants revenge because he doesn't have the throne <U+0095> Littlefinger is annoying, so is Joffrey <U+0095> No explanation on what the walkers are in reality <U+0095> No background on the general story, the show begins on a muddy foundation of things that happen and we didn't see... Every character in this show is interested on revenge, but I was never convinced by anyone of them, there is no real motivation for these characters, or for us to root for them and to like them, I didn't even hated Joffrey, he was rather annoying than evil. Want an evil character: Gus Fring, Ben Linus, Scofield's mother, hell even the Master in Doctor Who and so on... There is no substance here and the characters don't fight for freedom or for others, they fight for themselves(OK maybe Jon Snow fights for his family) or to get revenge on someone, and it's really sad, that you as a viewer are only entertained by this "revenge" thing, brutality, sex, blood and violence, but the characters are not well developed and likable to really care for them when they die. Basically this show is all about revenge, death and sex, nothing more nothing less. And yes it's the best at what it does, but that's not mature or human, it's animalistic. 
 The show is pretty entertaining, for most of the time, but I don't get it why people don't admit that after season 4, is just a major drop. By the end of season 4, some of the more interesting characters die( and the actors playing them really helped making them interesting) - YGRITTE, Shae, OBERYN, TYWIN LANNISTER, JOFFREY , NED STARK, Robb Stark, etcAnd you are then left with, for example, - the awful Arya storyline(the many faced god-cmon), - the Daenerys forever boring storyline which I never cared for since she is not that good of an actor to me, - Tyrion Lannister is not that interesting anymore because he is not at the castle, - Jaime becomes kinda hmmm... even if i wanna like it.. he becomes dull , - Littlefinger with his annoying way of speaking, - the religious fanatics at the castle - are you kidding, when the other kings smashed people just for fun, and then comes some random small group of people that all of a sudden has power over everything, that is pathetic in line with the show, - the Ramsay part is interesting at the beginning but after that I just think it takes to much unnecessary screen time And after season 4 seeing people just die over and over you just don't care anymore for no one, especially at the end of season 6. The Jon Snow storyline is still interesting, and there are still some good parts and really good characters in the show, but what remains tends to be more annoying.I think season 2, 3 and 4 are really great, season 1 has some crappy parts where everything seems to happen from the smallest reasons(the king dies from a boar, a boy just dies because Arya played with him and Joffrey is annoyed, Bran is pushed from the tower and miraculously not dies, etc), well and season 5 and 6 are terrible for me, except for the battles and the great characters that still remain in the show (like Davos Seaworth, Jon Snow, Bronn, Brienne of Tarth, Jorah and maybe some bits of Jaime, Cersei, Sansa, Theon and maybe some other that don't come to mind just now) 
 When I have free time and look to be entertained, I seldom reach for a book or engage in the arduous task of reading through an expansive novel. So for me, whether or not Game of Thrones remains true to its original roots factors little when it comes to the entertainment value of a movie or television production.When it comes to cinematic entertainment, I want to be fully engaged in the story and characters presented on screen. I want to be surprised and kept on the edge of my seat by clever writing that makes the unpredictable twists and turns of a story plot actually make sense. Actors, whose craft is so convincing, that whether you love or hate the characters they portray, they passionately inspire you to feel something<U+0085> even if you find yourself shouting at the screen like a complete buffoon as if watching some sporting event. And, if left biting my nails at the end of each episode in anticipation for the following week's program --- I'll gladly pay the extra monthly fee to HBO just for the privilege! Game of Thrones, in my humble opinion, is all that and more. In regard to overall quality, I find it even surpasses the majority of expensive movie productions being released in local theaters. While I'm hardly a professional critic, history expert or avid reader of fiction novels --- I AM a happy and passionate fan of this superb HBO series and simply wish to add my sincerely applause to the cast and crew that made this HBO production the enormous success that it is. Thank you! 
 Game of Thrones is the type of show in which you watch the first few episodes, and you are bored. But if you continue, and watch a whole season. You will love the show with such an intense passion that only GOT viewers can love. With it's intense intrigue, mind blowing plot twists, amazing acting, great makeup, a huge budget. It literally is the show to impress. Granted it may get a little every once in a while, but only for like a few minutes. Every minute is gold, and it only has the fans wishing it had more than 10 episodes per season. A huge GOT fan myself.. I can testify to the authenticity of this masterpiece. Not a show for children. 
 This has to be the best series I have ever seen, the sole reason I got Sky is so that I could watch it.I started a bit later than everyone else but I must've watched series 1 & 2 in the space of 2 weeks in order to watch series 3 when it aired.It is just brilliant, you can't afford to miss anything, all the little conversations that seem like time killers play a big part on what is going to happen later on in the series.The acting is top drawer, from all involved, the plot twists & turns, & the character development is fantastic.It's both beautiful & brutal, you cannot afford to miss it. GET IT WATCHED! 
 This is the best thing on telly at the moment!!Watched the first episode without knowing anything. Doesn't give anything away but certainly sets the setting. The whole package is brilliant. From the opening credits, to the marvellous acting from young and old characters alike. I must admit I am not too keen on British films or dramas but a majority of the cast are British but they do a sterling job.Each episode invites the viewer into this mysterious world where power,love, magic, deceit,honour and much more all intertwine. What really makes this show are the characters. There are so many unique characters in their own way - their parts have been played so convincingly and they essentially make the show.Hate them or love them you will certainly appreciate quality performances from this cast.Only criticism is Season 3 doesn't quite live upto the other two - and of you are lucky enough to have not watched them already - watch the episodes consecutively --you'll be so hooked you wont have the choice. 
 I just can not believe how good this series is. Excellent actors, excellent dialogues, unbelievably good story-line, sets, costumes, atmosphere, camera, cuts, music etc, etc, etc. I am normally not a person who writes reviews for something but i just watched episode 9 from season 6. I had tears in my eyes, i was screaming in front of my monitor and i was totally exhausted after watching this cinematic masterpiece.I could have tried to write a very objective and proffesionall review about this series but at the end it is a highly emotional experience watching such perfectly made series like game of thrones. 
 To create a show as complicated and beautiful as Game of Thrones you need many ingredients. First you must add a dab of medieval England and Lord of the Rings. You then add a pinch of sex and nudity. 3 table spoons of war and violence, a whole bag of love, deception and revenge, you mix this with the lengths people will go for power and add a little dwarf and there you have it, the beautifully crafted show Game of Thrones!The genius of Game of Thrones however is not all that I mentioned above but rather the characters. Everyone in the long list of complicated characters is so different yet all seem so real. The genius dwarf Tyrion, the honourable Eddard Stark and the cunning Littlefinger. All these characters hook you in so much that you in a way don't care about the main plot as long as they live. That is why I believe Game of Thrones is a must see. 
 ****Contains Spoilers****This is one of the best TV series I have seen in a long time. I am yet to read the books but if the TV series is anything to go by then the books will be outstanding.This has to be one of the only TV programs I have ever seen where main characters are killed off throughout the series for instance Eddard Stark being beheaded in series one was a massive shock to me as I thought he was going to go far being as he was a main character. Also the battle of the Red Wedding was another shock being as not only one main character was killed off there were 2 potentially 3 and the fact that they slaughtered a pregnant woman.This is a must watch. 
 I have not had the pleasure of reading the books however, it seems that the series sticks close to them according to other reviews. It can seem drawn out in some episodes but with so much to cover I can see the challenges. Overall it is a stunning masterpiece with something to grab your attention each episode. I love how the opening sequence is somewhat interactive in that it keeps up with what is going on in the story line. For me, it is the best opening sequence in a long time. If you love fantasy and I am a big fan of fantasy, you couldn't ask for more. Well, maybe just to see those awesome dragons fully grown finally! I can't wait, what a spectacular series. 
 Let me start by saying that there are plenty of good fantasy films and TV shows out there, including the Lord of the Rings, Once Upon a Time, and Your Highness... (that last one was a joke) But HBO's Game of Thrones stands at the top of the mountain when it comes to fantasy stories on the small screen. The sheer size and scope of the world created in A Song of Ice & Fire is beautifully realized in the show, and the set pieces/costumes are very well done. The writers also did a fine job of staying true to the books, while also throwing some unexpected curve balls into the story to keep even the readers on their toes. Each episode has intriguing dialogue, deceptive plots, and most episodes have some top-notch action scenes. Season 2, Episode 9 is particularly thrilling, and the Battle of Blackwater Bay will not disappoint fans who have stuck with the show to see its epic climax. But the thing that I like best about this series is that all the events feel like they are leading toward an explosion of action. This ticking time bomb started with the reappearance of the White Walkers, and came to another huge turning point at the end of Season 1 with the birth of Daenerys Targaryen's dragons. Eventually a war starts tearing apart the realm, and most of the characters have no knowledge of the White Walkers, the Targaryen uprising, or the vast army of wildlings marching South on the Wall. Season 3 is now underway, and they have shown 5 episodes so far. The War of Five Kings is really starting to heat up, and all of the major characters are taking big leaps as the story goes along. A Storm of Swords (the third book) is the only one I've read so far, but I must admit it was one of the best page-turning, action packed books I've ever read. The last 3 or 4 episodes of this season will be epic, and the show will only continue to grow in popularity after season 3 is over. So grab some popcorn and a Big Gulp, because Winter is Coming! 
 First of all let me say that I have never read the books and had no preconceived notions about this show before watching it. I was hearing and seeing buzz for "Game of Thrones" and decided to see what all the fuss was about.I can't tell you how happy I am that I did! I don't know where to begin but let me start off by saying that this show has mass appeal. You would think that it would primarily catch the interest of fans of the book series or the same kind of geeky guys that are Lord of the Rings buffs. This is certainly true but once you get virtually anyone to watch an episode or two they will be hooked!To make my point I will use my fiancée as an example. She has no interest in any kind of fantasy type movies involving sword fights, dragons and mystical lands. GOT certainly has plenty of those things in spades but what it also has, and ladies please don't hate on me because you know it's true, is a shitload of DRAMA! There are so many acts of betrayal and backstabbing you don't know which characters are frauds and which are trustworthy and honorable. IMO the best thing that this show has going for it is it's cast of multi-dimensional characters. There are so many characters to follow, each of them unique, that it can become overwhelming at times. However, I would recommend that you don't grow too fond of anyone of the characters because in the crazy world of Game of Thrones anyone can be taken out at anytime! 
 well what a waste of my time. I've watched 3 episodes of the walking dead and each episode of them is better than anything I've watched here. Game of Thrones is fairly well acted (despite some series regulars copping out in certain scenes) but from the amount of praise the acting got, i was a bit confused because it has to be some of the worst i have ever seen, and Jesus some of the child actors (if you can call them that) were just annoying because they couldn't act, not just because they were written poorly.And my main problem with the show is that it is just so confusing. and yeah, maybe i should have paid more attention, but the times i wasn't paying attention was when i was having to research things that i was confused about!! and anyway, it should be the shows problem to engage me, the viewer, i shouldn't have to feel engaged myself. Another issue with this show is the ensemble cast that every praises, for unknown reasons. I mean seriously, i just watched the season 6 finale when the sept of baelor was destroyed, and then i saw my mom watching scenes from season 1 and there were characters who i didn't even realise had been in it since the start! and how can you praise a show with its ensemble cast when it decides to just completely write out characters for a season (Bran, Osha, Rickon (what was the point of him) Hodor (same issue with Rickon)). I just found it almost too difficult to be invested in the characters because only the lannisters, Daenerys (awful actress) and occasionally a Stark are the only ones to get plenty of screen time. and the only characters i like on this show are Cersei and Jaime and sometimes Arya. Am i supposed to like Tyrion just because the actor who plays him is a dwarf? does being a dwarf instantly make him a badass? the only thing i saw resembling badass in Tyrion was when he shot Tywin, but even then killing your incest dad doesn't make you badass. One of the reasons i believe this show to be overrated is because it has a death near enough every episode. CHARACTERS DYING DOES NOT EQUAL GOOD STORYTELLING. e.g the red wedding, the episode was awfully/averagely written, with 2 main character deaths, but this some how received 9.9. twd first episode only received a 9.2? wtf???However, with all its flaws, the show does have its benefits that kept me watching all the way till the current episode (i don't quit watching a TV show even if i don't like it, its an hour long, I'm sure i have 1 hour a week to watch something with potential). the best part of the show is without a doubt CGI. Especially the battle sequences in Watchers on the Wall and Hardhome. 
 This perversity parade is DEAD SERIOUS. Dead serious about glorifying totally boring, totally banal, totally petty human aggressive impulses.This show tries to push boundary over and beyond deepest recesses of (what's left of) viewers' souls. The great minds artfully constructs and expertly re-framed the yuckiest visuals of mangled, disfigured, putrid human body bits into barely edible forms acceptable by the bloodthirsty, pent-up mainstream. It succeeded! Bloody no-holds-bar brutality is now the new political correctness! Yay! This is a perfect show for those who take feral beastly human behavior VERY SERIOUSLY! Like, wow, mere combo of the usual blood and sword and breasts and dragons and fantasy kitsch costumes equal SERIOUS great art or something!The biggest crowd pleaser goes to... DEAD SERIOUS parades of FEMALE BODY HUMILIATION !!Very fair distribution of female hatred and humiliations too: all classes of all age group of females are covered: prepubescent girls, peasant sisters, princesses, exotic escorts, mommy queen...all stripped, poked, stabbed, sliced open, hung, paraded, trashed, spat on, MERCILESSLY DISFIGURED WITH all sorts of sharp hard weapons and stinkiest filth and vilest concepts one can think of. Great achievements...The uglier and more gruesome the spectacle, the pettier and meaner the torture scenes and female disfigurement, the louder the planet of the apes cheer from probably some kind of orgasmic catharsis! 11 out of 10!!!Oh yes, it has a plot. Nice sets. Good actors. Long story arc, yada yada.Please don't censor this show though. Let the raging hatred and toxic bile flow. Let it all out. so that the evolved ones could use this as a barometer to filter out chimps from supposedly civilized potential mates. So that one day in the future, we could use this as a text book to teach our great grand children about our residual-chimpanzee legacy. 
 Game of thrones must be the most overrated show I've ever seen. I've suffered through 5 season of this garbage so far and I simply cannot understand why anyone would ever like this show. You can sum up the whole show in one word: violence. This show basically shows people get physically and emotionally tortured and killed for five seasons. That's it. Nothing else is happening. They're trying to make it look like a political thriller full of intrigue, betrayal and plot twists. But it's not. All the scheming and colluding the characters do leads to nothing, because they all eventually get tortured and brutally killed. There is no action, there are no battles, there is no strategy, there is no mystery, there is no magic. Although they keep promising all of that since s01e01. There's just pointless violence.Watch this only if you've already watched every other show ever made ever. 
 Have to say that shortly after the start of season five I have become weary of so much sadistic violence over and over again and not anything good ever happening. The story line keeps dragging on and on with seemingly only new angles on just what different and graphic forms of killing and mutilation can be devised and delivered with optimum special effects. It is a game of thrones and a game where not only nobody wins but just how badly everyone loses, one at a time, told in layered story groupings, episode after episode. Enough already. Apparently this is what keeps the series ratings high and I just no longer want to be a part of this feed so goodbye Game of Thrones. 
 Heard a lot about this show with everyone saying how great it was so I decided to watch it to see if it was as good as I was told. I found the first episode a little boring and slow but figured it was setting up the characters, etc.Well from there it went downhill. I watched all of Season 1 and half of Season 2 and I couldn't stomach it any longer. In my opinion, none of the characters are all that likable and the few I did like get killed off very quickly, usually with much gore.Then there are the numerous and pretty graphic sex scenes which seem to be thrown into the show for the purpose of titillating (pun intended) the audience who I assume to be in the 18-35 bracket. I'm not a prude, but I never saw any tender love scenes, just gay sex, incest and rape. It's pretty much soft porn with a story.By the last episode I watched I couldn't care less about who regained control of "The mythical land of Westeros". I hope parents aren't letting their children watch this debauchery.Everyone has their own opinion of what is a good show and this, in my own opinion is utter garbage. 
 The following is just my opinion and should not be misconstrued as fact."When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die" Game of Thrones"Forget the promise of progress and understanding. For in the the grim dark future there is only war." Warhammer 40KIn my opinion GOT is a rehash of too many authors hard work. I acknowledge that nothing is new or original but I feel that for GOT he does not even attempt to be so. One of the biggest mistakes I made was to read Bulfinchs Mythology around the same time as GOT, at times I was certain I was reading the same story.If you enjoyed the character deaths in GOT I'd highly recommend reading(If you're able) Dan Abnetts Warhammer 40k novels. Character deaths have meaning while at the same time show the waste of war and how it can strike anyone randomly, they move the plot forward without being dwelt upon too much but are not just glossed over.To close this scattered collection of thoughts I'll give an example of one of the largest failings in GOT, the Red Wedding. While the lead up to the action is ham-fisted and unbelievable the event itself is fine. My gripe is that the "Rules of Hospitality" that had been important up to that point are thrown away to show Walders cunning. However!!! This oh so important traditional rule of not harming someone that takes "your meat and mead" bears no repercussions when broken. Anyway, just my opinion and I apologize for being all over this place with my thoughts. I suppose I should also mention I've watched all the current seasons and have read all of the books in the series up to this date. 
 This is my first review on IMDb and I was honestly so disgusted by this "adaptation" that I had to write this just to let out some steam. Apologize in advance if it's a bit 'ranty' and 'rambley'First let me say, obviously, that I am a fan of the books. I actually had never read them until recently, and with all the hype for years about the show I figured I'd finally see what all the fuss was about. But I had to read the source material first; like I said, love the books. Martin has built a kind of Tolkienesque world more at a human level with a dark and black/white/gray grittiness you normally get from something by Joe Abercrombie or Mark Lawrence. But hey, not talking about the book here, talking about the "show".Like I said, I was super excited to watch this show. I had heard it was very faithful to the books and that the acting was amazing and the effects over the top and it was the second-coming-of-the-lord- of- shows and yadda yadda, it's amazing, right? As I read certain scenes in the books: such as Danny going through the House of the Undying, or Lord Beric fighting Clegane with a flaming sword I couldn't help but to imagine the bad-assery in my head and couldn't wait to see it on screen. Yet after watching a few episodes I just had to say, WTF! Okay, the Wights and Others looked amazing and I was very excited from the get-go, (not necessarily the exact adaptation of the book but artistic licence is okay sometimes). Awesome way to start off the show! Aaaaand that was about the only great thing I found about this over-blown, terribly acted, big budgeted, softcore-porn POS. Words cannot describe how utterly disappointing and just plain gross this show is. The acting is good by a few characters, I'm a big Sean Bean fan and couldn't have imagined a better Eddard Stark and most of the characters look faithful enough and close to what I imagined so that's fine. (Jon Snow though -_- looks like he should be lead singing in One Direction, not a bad-ass Wight Slaying Black Brother that can ride for days with a seeping arrow wound. But I digress...) Anyways most look great until they open their mouths... Did I say terrible acting? Well I'll say it again, the acting mostly is on par with one of those monthly Syfy exclusives (Sharknado anyone?)And I know that adaptations rarely if ever stay %100 true to the source but man this is taking it to another level. Things they change just for the hell of it make me wonder if they even read the books. Arya being good at shooting a bow from the start for example, when the Arya from the book mentioned many times how she wished she could learn to shoot. What reason was there to change that?? Just a small example, but the show is riddled with the small slaps in the face like this so you get my point. Not only these small changes but huge story altering changes as well. I understand sometimes budgetary issues get in the way of certain scenes but for the love of God don't puss out and re-wright everything just for the seeming what-the-hell of it. Oh and I hear they're bringing Ned back to life in Season 6, nice job fellas! Haven't seen writing this good since my mother used to force me to watch Guiding Light as a child.I won't go into detail about every little thing that disappointed me about this show because I would be writing all night and no one wants to read a hundred page rant. I just think that this show gets waaaaayyy too much credit and acclaim.I'll finish by saying: If you like the books, avoid this one. Ever read Eragon? Ever watched that movie? Well that was Pulp Fiction and Lord of the Rings and The Godfather compared to this utter garbage. 
 I cannot understand why this series is so successful. I guess it's only because of the violence, sex and nudity displayed plainly within that draws people to watch it. The story of the whole concept is nothing they care about. First of all, the title is wrong. "A Game of Thrones" is only the name of the first of the seven books of the heptalogy of "A Song of Ice and Fire". Maybe it sounds a bit more attractive, yes, but it's not the title it should bear. The most annoying thing about it all is that the characters are much much OLDER than they actually should be, twice the age and also not captured well. E.g. Joffrey Baratheon has become one of the most hated characters, but if you read the books, you may know there ARE equally vile characters in the story, if not worse. He shouldn't be more than 13, but in the series it is a 23 year-old lad who portrays him. Daenerys should be 15, yet in the series she is a 30 year-old woman. And so can I go on and on. Sean Bean as Eddard Stark? Really? He would be my last choice and Arya was supposed to be skinny... Second, why so much nudity and sex? I do not claim that in the books there isn't mentioned how characters are having sex, but it gets lost among thousands of other more important and interesting and more described adventures, and it's purpose is just to make a background and show us the nature of some of the characters. The books are NOT about brothels, the word "brothel" is just mentioned. All I want to say - if you read the books, why should you spoil your imagination by watching this? Let yourself immerse in the great prose of George R. R. Martin and let the series for those who prefer watching this horribly made adaptation over reading and letting their imagination free. My only question is how could Martin consent to such an adaptation of his fantastic books? 
 If your a fan of the books this show will infuriate you. If Weiss and benioff wanted to write their own story than why did they have to buy the rights to song of ice and fire. GRRM is a brilliant writer and has created a world many people love. Weiss/benioff have taken his amazing source material and rewritten it very poorly. Changing story lines to point that make little sense. Changed characters personalities and arcs. Killed off characters who still play a huge role in the books. And most importantly taken GRRMs amazing dialogue and replaced it with poorly written garbage. I know books have to be changed for screen but a complete rewrite is ridiculous. Could've just wrote your own story and left westeros alone. 
 This Last season has been nothing but negativity.One episode after another, just downers. Or plain boring.I don't get any joy or excitement from watching Game of Thrones anymore. I just feel crappy.I'll probably watch the next episode, but I'm not looking forward to it. And it will probably be when I don't have anything else to watch.Game of thrones was a great series to watch before. Now it just seems like it's going out of it's way to try to shock, instead of entertain.So... if this is how it's going to be from now on. Then I'll probably move on to other things to watch. 
 We had the HBO screener copy sitting around for months with no interest in watching it. We weren't sure what to make of it but I'm used to seeing the terrible mini-series set in medieval times attempts on television, so I was weary of GOT. We ran out of things to watch and so popped in the first 2 episode that came on the Emmy screener copy and we were blown away, and bummed there were only two episodes on it. I've stopped watching it so I can read the books, which are also amazing and page turners. This isn't a genre I would normally enjoy reading but it's so well written that I'm really into it. Also, knowing what's going on in the series helped me understand what is going on in the book. It's very detailed, in an almost Jane Austin kind of way and uses words we don't use in modern time, not to mention, a lot of character names that aren't very modern, so it takes a bit of thinking in the beginning to catch up and understand what is going on. But you get used to it pretty quickly and then it just flows. I would highly recommend this for anyone. My dad likes crime novels but I plan on giving him a copy of the book because I'm pretty sure he would like this. Would it be blasphemy to say it's as well written as 'The Hobbit?' Sorry, it's just really well written and a gorgeous and epic show, and as good as production value in any movie. A must see and a must read. 
 This is the best TV show in the world every season was just outstandingly good and I was at the edge of my seat all the way through. The story has originality and a great script my favourite episode to date is season 4 episode 10. Every season on episode 9 you see brilliant plot outbursts that really stand out to the whole story of the show.Spoilers: Season 1 episode 9 had the beheading of Edard Stark(Sean Bean) Season 2 episode 9 had the giant battle outside kings landing with green fire. Season 3 episode 9 was when some of the main characters got killed off like Catlin and Rob Stark. Finally Season 4 episode 9 had a massive battle with giants and mammoths from The Wildlings north of the wall and they were against Castle Black, and also is the only episode without Tyrion Lannister(Peter Dinklage). Although throughout the whole of the show there at least one death in every episode. End of spoilers.Throughout the show there is great acting and great character development and also good story development. The only season which wasn't that great because well it had some limits it wasn't as fluid as the previous seasons and that was season 3 I don't know why but season 3 wasn't as fluid but then season 4 brought back the no holds barred rating again (18). My favourite character at this moment is Arya Stark(Maisie Williams) because she is just a bad-ass and also she is a fantastic character because she has witnessed the loss of her father Edard Stark but plus the reason why I like Arya is because that her story takes a big part in the show and that I think makes a key character. I recommend this TV show to everyone because even though some people may not like it because they it's just like The Lord Of The Rings trilogy it actually has no references from none of them films. This TV is Excellent and epic and literally the best thing on TV right now. 10/10. 
 I'm not much of a TV show fan. And while I recognize the greatness of recent dramas like breaking bad, mad men or house of cards, it is very difficult to get so invested in the characters there, and I don't think i've ever waited anxiously for the next episode. And that, is what Game of Thrones does better than any other series, it makes you care for the characters, and it keeps you waiting for the next episode. Game of Thrones isn't the best TV show out there, that honor would probably go to The Wire, but it is shocking that despite not even being held in our world, it is far more fascinating.The best thing about this show is it's unsurpassable depth, especially in seasons 2 and 3, which have focused more on the characters. Personally, I used to watch this show casually, and skipped the parts I didn't like while asking my friend to remind me what was happening. It is massive and it's hard to keep track of everyone, and so a casual viewer might not agree with my statement of depth. As a casual viewer, I thought so too at first. I didn't like the talkative season 2, or even the beginning of season 3, as the show slowed down there.But during a very boring summer I decided to invest more in the series. I went to a wiki and read the characters backstories, watched every episode again and then read through the first two books. The more time i spent on the series, the more I noticed how deep the story is.I also think, contrary to many other opinions, that the show is steadily improving, despite the fact that the plot is slowing down. It's focusing more on the characters, which is fine with me, considering that they are the most interesting ones out there. The Lannister males, Tyrion, Jamie and Tywin, in particular are some of the best characters in any show, ever.The first season suffers from sexploitation, and second and third seasons have talkative episodes that aren't always interesting, so I'd give it a 9.5/10, but since that's not an option.. 10/10 
 I hadn't watched this show at first, season 1 was finished by the time I started watching and I heard from many gamers (pen and paper roleplaying) that it was a truly amazing series and I assumed it to be good, but I found that it was GREAT! There are few series out there where I can sit and watch the show, truly interested in every aspect of it. I sit there wondering about every single character. The important ones, the non-important ones, the vile ones and the good ones, the annoying ones and the enjoyable ones. Character I absolutely loathe are so well written that I am always interested in what they are up to, what they're doing and what they'll do.There are quite a few twists where for one moment you think things are going to be okay and it's going to be a stereotypical order in the storyline and then all of a sudden the scene does a 360 on you and you have no idea where they're going with the storyline. Everyone who watches this has their favourite noble family that they would like to win and have justice and take the throne. I personally want to support the under-dogs, the Starks but I'm sure others like the other nobles in different parts of the world.I highly recommend this as I have never seen another fantasy series that was done well in so many years. If you are a lover of fantasy I'd go for it. Magic rarely comes into it, but when it does, it is something truly powerful. 
 I cringed when I heard that Game of Thrones was being made into a series. Initial thoughts were that things would be grossly out of place and simply not nearly as well told. Then I heard that the series' author was on hand to ensure that the writing for the show would be consistent (not exactly the same but consistent) with how the characters were written.This concept created one of the most amazing TV shows out there. Of course having HBO's budget sure helps create the most amazing sets and wardrobe imaginable helped out substantially.This being said - Game of Thrones is not simply an adaptation of the novels. I tell people that the TV series is a visual companion to the novels; which are so big that you almost need the TV series to help your mind see all of the pieces moving. From the Wall, to the Horse Lords, to the Eyrie, to well you name it - the scenes are breathtaking. But for as amazing as it all is none of it is as good as the cast. I tip my hat to the casting directors - they had one heck of a job putting this crew together. Every cast member fits so perfectly into the shoe that is their character. My novel favorite is Tyrion Lannister - played by Peter Dynklage - is just as I imagined reading him. Special kudos to the entire cast however as they are as ruthless/loving/amazing as the characters they portray.However I will say that there are differences in the show from the novel. This is to be expected. Some of the major differences include: Raising the ages of the children (some are married/in adult situations - this is a good thing as the novels never really "held back"), cutting scenes short, providing information sooner, situations not in the novel, and some name changes. Game of Thrones has so much History, developments, events, and characters that this must be done. But it happens with much care. In a particular TV scene, the Queen and King are sitting together talking about events that brought them together. This scene (If I recall correctly) is for the show - to sort of wrap some information for the watcher, but it's done so well that I doubt anyone can complain. The series certainly keeps the tempo moving, the characters lively, and the audience engaged in the events. The show could have scripted word for word many events, but I think the brevity they have shown in season 1 works very well into their favor.Unlike most written works to screen, Game of Thrones does a great job capturing and bringing to life possibly one of the greatest modern fantasy stories ever written. I hope you enjoy this show as much as I have. 
 I know I am bit late to write the review but...This show is damn awesome. The location, the characters, the targeriyans, the king's road, the dragon egg's, the mad king, the loyal friend, the bastards, the dwarfs, the traitors, the plotters, the unholy lovers, the pet-wolves, the night's watch, the WALL, the blue eyed spirits of the haunted forest, the noob who becomes the king, the cunning lannisters, the prince with blonde hair, the tyranny surrounding the word Khal Drogo, the gulf of grief, the chameleon Baelish, and much much more!I don't generally prefer TV shows because they run too long and the story keeps never ends. Luckily my friend recommended that since entire season 1 is out there, why not watch it all? Here's the twist, each episode is a master-piece. I watched first episode, my mind blew-off in bewilderment of the 'pure' violence & love, the characters displayed to play the Game of Thrones. The Baratheon King is a extremely cunning character, who never takes the center stage and yet remains purely in power. The Starks are the most lovable family with an unfathomable family pride. The all-powerful Lannisters, a family or kingdom in themselves. The bastard dwarf is one of best characters I have ever seen in any TV show. A character so tiny yet so powerful. Tyrion Lannister's dialogue delivery & portrayal of 'the bastards' is absolutely stunning. He is chatty and witty, probably the only Lannister without the trademark characteristics of a Lannister!and I could go on and on about the other characters!More than anything, all episodes remains absolutely loyal to the title, 'Game of Thrones'. 
 This adaptation (so far) is without a doubt the best I've ever seen. Few books ever make the transformation from script to screen without loosing something monstrously important to whomever has read it and taken it to heart. We can all reel them off. The Beach for me ... what a pity. But HBO really have pulled it out of the bag with Game of Thrones. The sets, characters and costumes are perfect, they've even kept huge segments of dialog exactly the same.GoT almost plays out like a medieval polecat thriller, with a hint of fantasy. If you're after a Lord of the rings type saga, you're going to be disappointed, only until you realise the plot is so thick and rich, you'll be on Amazon 5 minutes later ordering the books to find out what happens next. I'm on book 3 and hand on heart, I think it's one of the best stories ever told.I dare anyone not to enjoy this epic medieval drama. 
 Game of thrones can't truly be placed into any specific category due to its incredibly organic stile of story telling.When you watch movies, such as lord of the rings or the hobbit(yes I understand that they are both Tolkienian), you know which characters have got "invisible plot shields" which make them impervious the lethal danger, yes Frodo gets stabbed and poisoned by the Morgul-Blade but that all works out for him fine in the end.In game of thrones characters are treated as people and don't get give these mysterious powers to evade death by pure fluke. You will form emotional bonds with the characters and each time a character is killed of it just makes you become more and more connected with the Game Of Thrones Universe.Game Of Thrones also probably has some of the strongest characters in books and movies alike because you can really elaborate on you feelings about a character and 2 people may have interpreted a characters actions differently depending on the persons outlook.This is a very mature show and should be treated as such so if you just want something at and listen to as your eyes glaze over while playing a video game or reading a book then this is not for you. In order to really appreciate the depth of the series you need to pay attention to the context because if you miss a bit you may loose track of the entire series or even show as a whole.The only thing which I can say that some users may not like is the large amount of graphic sex and nudity in the series, but that isn't anything to demote it for, just be warned not to watch it in front of children.To conclude, game of thrones is a fantastic TV show if you are watching it and not just using it for white noise. I would wholeheartedly recommend game of thrones as long as you are mature and over the age of 14. 
 This is my first review ever and i am extremely glad it is for 'Game of Thrones'.In fact, this amazing and vivaciously plotted TV series made me register an IMDb a/c.I am not much of a reader, as i tend to get bored just by looking at the thickness of books.I didn't even knew that the complete plot was derived from the Book series 'A Song of Ice and Fire' written by George R. R. Martin, until i finished the third season and learned that the next season will commence in 2014.I will start the books just after completing this review, i can promise you that. Before wrapping up, i would like to share with you all the stupid reason why i watched this series. It happened because of a PC game called 'SKYRIM ELDER SCROLLS V'. A friend of mine told me that there are surprising similarities between the two which i now find to be so crude.I will also warn you not to judge the series just by watching the first few episodes cause you will miss so much fun-packed adventure and a blend of versatile characters that will be imprinted into your minds for lifetime.The dialogs are so awesome and highly intellectual that they imbibe you with wisdom and nourish your inner-self.My favorite so far is 'There is Power in a King's blood'.******HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***** 
 Not since J.R.R. Tolkien's works has someone created such a masterful and complete fictional world as George R.R. Martin. His extensive world with its numerous characters inhabiting it, is a joy to read about in the books and to view on this brilliantly adapted Television show.The numerous main plot points and side stories which are all inhabited by various characters that pop in and out of each others individual journeys make these books much more fitted for a television series rather than adapting it into a series of films that would most undoubtedly end up leaving out a number of characters and plot points that would leave the ignorant viewer confused and would not do justice to the books.Of the numerous POV characters that appear throughout the books and Television series, some of the most prominent ones include Tyrion Lannister (Peter Dinklage), Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke), Arya Stark (Maisie Williams), Stannis Baratheon (Stephen Delane), Bran Stark (Isaac Wright), Jaime Lannister (Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau) and you know what? There are just to many to mention. The way that the above characters intertwine with all the other characters inhabiting their world is masterful.The world that these characters inhabit is plagued with civil strife and rebellion after the death of the King with many believing they have a right to sit on the Iron Throne and command the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros. With in-fighting and treachery abundant in each of the regions the path to the throne is not as easy as it would seem. Along with the battle for the throne, the regions of Westeros are starting to become increasingly aware of a threat from beyond the their borders in the north and from the uncharted regions of the continent of Essos. Magic seems to become part of world again and disciples of The Lord of Light challenge the practiced faith of The Faith of the Seven of Westeros.One of the attributes of this series that makes it so enjoyable is the fact that no one is safe from the dangers of the world, no character is "invincible" as becomes apparent after the first book.Not wanting to reveal to many plot points I will this review here, but one last thing I will say is this: Pay attention to the details of the earlier episodes series and chapters of the book, and don't get to attached to any of the characters because they might not last as long as you think they will. 
 I know my opinion is not popular, but let's be honest: GoT is nothing but filthy, violent porn trash. I am not telling you not to watch, if you are voyeuristic and like naked women getting raped/molested/etc. or - even worse - getting power-lusty and suddenly enjoying sex with their barbaric Dothraki husband just to get more might... go on watching it, but do not trick yourself and others into believing that this is art/high literature/merely fantasy genre etc. - it is the disgusting, repulsive fantasies of an old, fat, horny guy, dreaming of naked women and violent/coarse knights - little boy fantasies mixed with hormone shifts, it is a creation by the worst of mankind, about the worst of mankind (the only character you can possibly truly respect is Brienne and she is presented like a man because the makers seem to think it is unfeminine to fight and not to be just a sexy playboy bunny enjoying to be f'ed by a barbaric horse rider, playing Queen and running around naked all the time) and obviously for the worst of mankind - pure filth which poisons everybody who watches it and the proof is that fans actually believe they are watching art - ridiculous, the worst on television. Watch it, but be aware and honest that you are watching filth/trash. 
 I have seen a lot of good shows and a lot of bad shows. I do not think that i have ever seen a show this bad. I tried to watch the first season and it was awful. Very stupid and boring. I continued to watch it because i heard so much good things about it but i just could not get myself to get to the fifth episode. I am personally not a fan of shows like this but it looked cool but a complete disappointment all around a terrible show. The only good part is the sex and the boobs if that stuff was not in the show then this show would have never been as popular all people want to see is Emilia Clarkes boobs. This show is worse than any show i could think of. Also the dwarf is pretty coo also 
 Because of the hoopla over this show I have downloaded and watched the first two series.Boy, is it slow... like watching a ship move out of its mooring, it's slow! Blackadder is much better than this and it also has Lord Flashheart.The best character is the dwarf with his horrendous accent that makes Dick Van Dyke's Cockney waanker in Mary Poppins sound word-perfect! I can't believe that not one of the almost entirely British cast didn't have the balls or dignity to sidle up to the director and mention this awful, catastrophic and annoying accent. Was he doing it on purpose as some kind of joke?Anyway, that aside, these hour-long episodes could easily have been edited down to 20 minutes or so, without anyone losing a moment of plot significance. Nothing much happens except people chat about the past and make plans for wars.Lots of men hugging when they haven't seen each other for a long time or they are going off to battle, etc... something else I'm pretty sure never happened in the olden days. Overall, even after you list every other fault this mess has, the biggest one still remains the most significant... it's just dull. There is just so much boring dialog to wade through before anything happens.I can't complete any more of this torture. I'll wait for the movie version. 
 Very disturbing scenes. Impossible to watch. Disgusting. That's not what I expected from the 'Medival times' show. I only like a dragon and white walkers. I wish this show was more suitable for younger generation. It's not fantasy show its a horror fantasy. Whatever the write "adventure drama fantasy" it's a huge error. It should indicate that it has violence in the most horrific way! Calling it just a drama would be A JOKE. Very disturbing scenes. Impossible to watch. Disgusting. That's not what I expected from the 'Medival times' show. I only like a dragon and white walkers. I wish this show was more suitable for younger generation. It's not fantasy show its a horror fantasy. Whatever the write "adventure drama fantasy" it's a huge error. It should indicate that it has violence in the most horrific way! Calling it just a drama would be A JOKE. 
 First three seasons stay more true to the book, although there are plenty of scenes where women scream and are rude to high lords, even peasant girls and whores. Im guessing that was a hint at what was to come, Game of Feminism. Female characters massacre male characters, untrained women beat battle harden men, men are tricked by women easily and predictably, anti war messages became pro war messages.In short, HBO ruined a great series with its fanatical left wing messsages. Women scream at men more regularly than they just talk to them, men are stereotyped as a bunch of rapists, Brieanne kills so many male characters and then goes around bragging about it, The Sand Snakes in Dorne, kill house Martell, "in revenge for house Martell", Dany walks around making insolent faces at people that want to kill her then mass murdering male characters, HBO tries to humanize evil Cersei Lannister, Sansa walks around telling people what to do and complaining, Arya with no muscles and no height, is training to be a killer by another killer girl with no muscles, the bad guys are all literally men- the white walkers, Ramsey, the slavers, the Tyrell Grandmother is somehow the leader of the Tyrells.It is puke level propaganda that could NEVER shine a light on the books. 
 When I first heard about this show I was very excited to see how magnificent it was...WRONG!!! I am a HUGE Breaking Bad fan, and I was DEEPLY disappointed when I saw that Game of Thrones had the same rating as Breaking Bad. Why in Gods name would Game of Thrones have the same rating as Breaking Bad!!! Game of thrones has NO action, let me guess... throwing a kid off a castle is action... THERE IS NO ACTION IN THAT AT ALL. Let me continue... Oh my GOD!!! The acting!! Hahaha that must be a joke. Breaking Bad actors have EIGHT more EMMYS FOR BETTER ACTING THAN GAME OF THRONES DOES. Last time I checked EIGHT is GREATER THAN ZERO. Anna Gun the wife of Walter white has the EXACT same Emmys as Peter dinklage... GAME OF THRONES BEST AND FAVORITE ACTOR. Better Acting... Ya right!!! Better storyline... HAHAHAHA! A chemistry teacher with terminal lung cancer makes methanphetamine in order to provide for his family is a WAY better storyline than 7 noble kingdoms use pornography in order to intrigue the viewers into watching the show. And DRAGONS... What the heck is wrong with the fans!!!.. Are you what 3 years old!!! Might as well put some tinker bell in that show too to make more people want to watch the show more!!!... "Game of thrones is sooooo much better than Breaking Bad" Ya right!!!. Breaking Bad Was Nominated TWICE for being the best BEST DRAMA SERIES... TWICE!!! Breaking bads main actor Bryan Cranston has FIVE Emmys, Aaron Paul has THREE Emmys and Anna Gunn has 1 Emmy and all you have on GAME OF THRONES is Peter dinklage with only ONE I mean only ONE EMMY. Game of thrones will NEVER be as superior as Breaking Bad. GAME OF THRONES=INFERIOR 
 My god, all 1000 people who reviewed this series rated it at 9 and 10!I must be from another planet not to see the greatness of this series, because all I see is a random mix of head chopping, tits, messenger crows, dangling dicks, knights on horses, chopped body parts, incest, long talks about epic battles that are not shown, more tits, foggy winter forests, dragons, whores, mental child abuse, the 3rd brother's cousin rightful king, wolfs, gay sex, living dead, speaking in tongues and oh, almost forgot about tits.Seems like every episode was written on a used napkin after a booze and whore party. No story, no true to self characters, no real drama, no epic scenes, no continuity, no logic, no common sense.If this is the future, sing me in for NASA's one way ticket to Mars.PS Sad to witness the demise of western civilization. No values just sex and blood for money. China runs us down economically and is head and shoulders above with the Three Kingdoms TV series. 
 If there is no john snow there is nothing in series. Good twist that should be end of watching GOT.Bye bye. All episodes are so good I was watching this from last few years only for night watchers every time it will get change but if there is no night watcher what is use of it, Specially Jon snow we will miss you. The twist end of the show other. I think director earn money from this (John Snow) guy if it's time to pay back him he just killed him. This is Game of thrones. I am not going to watch it any more. It was good series but end was too bad the only man for nights watch is not there stark is not there who is going to see this any more. You deserve this rating. It's good we are not able to give you negative rating. 
 I have read the books (the first three I have read twice, the fourth once). I love the books. So in theory I am pre-disposed to either like the series or hate it because it is not sufficiently like the books. It would be damn near impossible for me to judge the series as if I had not read the books. I have only seen the first two episodes of the series.All that said, I love the series. The casting is phenomenal. The acting better than some of the best mini-series. Tyrion is spot on (a phenomenal acting job and a phenomenal character). Jon Snow is spot on. Arya Stark, Cersei Lannister, Jaime Lannister etc, etc. The series clearly gives the feel for the book and is true in its characterizations. No series will have every plot detail of a book nor will it have every character exactly as every individual sees him/her, it can't, but this series is very true to the book, true to Martin's writing and true to the character of each player. I can't wait for the next episode. I want to own the series on DVD (Blu ray). I want to go back and read the books. 
 The show suffers from PIS (plot induced stupidity) or CIS (character induced stupidity).Examples will Ned stark trusting Little Finger, and the Queen. If Ned is a Lord of a House, then he has experience spotting deception. If Ned is this stupid, then PIS if House Bolton did not destroy House Star early on. The plot goes nowhere, an example will be the first 2 seasons.The first season was slow, and the second season was a snore.The dialogue sometimes are boring. The reason is because the script is badly written.Characters (some) are dull with no life to them.Lots of the characters are 1 to 2 dimensional.Many of the characters aren't explored. The show has to throw sex to get you interested, and care for this cra@p.The show wastes time on nudity, and has a long opening.The show itself does not deliver anything.It gives an illusions that it accomplished something.You have to wait for the battles for a long time, while .If interesting things happen, its only for shock value. Most of the characters,and things that happen in this show. It does not benefit the story. Its definitely not a Dark fantasy.This show is a Medieval torture porn.The show is predictable that the good guys lose. Its the opposite of Lord of The Rings where the good guys win.There is no balance between good vs evil like the show claims itself to be. 
 NOTE: The review may contain minor spoilers but they do not spoil the story in any kind of way.I delayed watching or reading Game of Thrones for a long, long time and I'm kind of glad I did. Why, you wonder? Because I got to sit through two seasons without waiting a week for the next episode. But, well, then I came to the third and that problem became ... kind of relevant. As an avid reader and a major fan of any sort of fantasy (may it be games, books, movies, TV shows), I honestly don't know why I didn't pick up Game of Thrones before. I do remember telling my friend "It's mainstream, it's sure to suck" or something along those lines. I might have been in a world of hipsters back then so do forgive me, please. However, when I picked it up, I realized that it's everything but it's not mainstream. I watched two seasons before picking up the books, and I can proudly say that I hadn't wasted thirty or so hours of my life. Game of Thrones deviates from any known formula - for TV shows or books. Its story and characters span across many continents and each characters has its own story to tell - they all matter. There are a lot of characters - some you might love, some you might hate (looking at you, oh my King) but you can't help but admire each and every one of them. In a nutshell, Game of Thrones is a Game where people try to outwit each other, where people try to survive against all the odds and, of course, get laid somewhere in-between those things. What makes the story unique, though, and what makes it deviate from other fantasy stories is its unique aspects of no main character. Sure, there are some that get more screen time than the others, but that actually should be a sign for you. In the world of Seven Kingdoms and beyond, no one is safe - no one is certain to live. This alone makes the series even more interesting and creates odd sense of tension you can't get off. I'm sure many people, even non-readers and non-viewers, have heard of sheer brutality G. Martin possess. Well ... it's true. As far as the other things go, the scenery and locations are either breathtaking or distastefully brilliant. From the wood houses and stone castles at the North to the beautiful architecture of the Capital, to the empty, frozen lands beyond the North - they're all breathtaking. The scenery alone invests you into the story, making you a part of it. Because the story spans over the entire world, you won't be seeing one type of scenery through the entire episode - and I think that's the thing that makes this show jump from 9 to 10. There's just so much to inhale, scene after scene, episode after episode, and you never go "Oh God, I get it, there are walls all over the place and it's cold and it's snow" because takes jump from one side of the world to the other in the matter of seconds. As far as the soundtrack goes, it's not as great as the things mentioned above, but it does the job. There are indeed some epic tracks, but most of the time, music stays in the background. Still, nonetheless, it amplifies the feeling of epicness as you watch the series.There's a lot to take from Game of Thrones. There are a lot of stories to be told, a lot of characters to kill off and a lot of battles to be held (Dragons, I'm looking at you). In all aspects, it may not be a true masterpiece; still, no one can please everyone. Personally, for me, the lack of true fantasy, may it be dark or high is what makes me a bit ... itchy about the series. However, as I caught up with the books, even that problem faded. I look forward to more of Game of Thrones ... but the pain is to wait, indeed. 
 Yes, this is my favorite TVShow, and i have seen a lot of series such as Lost, Breaking Bad, White Collar, Greys Anatomy and many others, but still this is my favorite one. No i have not read the books but my cousin have told me that's the same thing. I love Game of Thrones because of it's story, the scenarios, the actors, the visual effects. I mean this series has everything anyone could love of any TV Show. The story at first is a little bit strange and you may not get anything but after at leas t5 episodes of the first season you know very good the story and how is it going. And if you relate with a specific character it may be killed, yes in this tvshow many main character got killed but i think this makes the series more special, it's completely different to other shows when the main character never gets killed. The custome its another thing that makes game of thrones very special, its absolutely awesome and perfect, again, even more than other series such as lost or NCIS. I can't simply wait for more of this series. 
 I watched the first season before knowing anything about the storyline, and it sucked me in; it was totally incredible! Since then I've listened to 4 of the unabridged audiobooks in the series, all of which were EXTREMELY well done from my vast experience with audiobooks. I knew the storyline before season 2 began, yet I still couldn't wait for each new episode to air. Having read the books, the episodes helped to fill in bits I may have missed or misunderstood in the books, so the 2 mediums melded together nicely. This isn't a typical cliffhanger series with new stories written each week to fill a quota; it's a television adaption of the books which are gritty, ruthless, and are completely unpredictable in their turn of events, just the way you would expect things to be if this world actually existed. It stays within the story's boundaries given the limited time allowed for the series. Like the Lord of the Ring's, both film series are linear and tell the story, but both book series are more colorful with much more depth to the stories, more sidestories and character development than the time restrictions allow. I would recommend to anyone who likes the show even a little to read the books or listen to the audiobooks (Roy Dotrice really makes the characters in the book come to life!). 
 when i started watching GOT.I thought that its gonna take some patience to get myself to like it. WrongBy the middle of the first episode i was hooked. By the end of it I was addicted. Every episode has the tendency to surprise...or id rather say shock you and keep you thinking about it for some time. The fact that its on HBO promises violence....and hell of a lot of nudity, but not forced. Things don't happen just cause they gotta. The characters are perfectly placed and cast well. The writing is powerful and at times dark. All in all if you haven't started watching yet , now is the best time to watch the first two seasons because its a helluva good show . 
 Having no idea what the series was about or even that it was based on a book I accidentallystumbled upon the very first episode of the game of thrones on a popular online TV show website. 'An HBO production', this had to be interesting, I thought. With series such as entourage, the sopranos and sex and the city setting the bar pretty high, the expectations from the first episode were already built up.The show starts off with men hunting. The setting develops an eerie sensation as the audience realizes that it is the dead that it being hunted. The dead, in the show aren't glamorized vampires or werewolves but monsters of some sort. At this point you think to yourself, 'umm... fantasy for adults?...hmm'. This apprehension however, disappears within minutes of the sequences following it.Game of thrones, is a show like nothing before. The underlining theme of fantasy is so realistically portrayed that the story, unimaginable in today's day and age somehow still seems plausible in another time. The complexity of the characters is so simply executed, peeling back one layer at a time that it becomes impossible to pick a favorite. Even the queen, involved in harming a 10 year old to the extent of paralysis, can be sympathized for when the antics of her disloyal husband are revealed. The show touches upon every taboo that may exist in today's society. Providing, what I feel is a sense of, liberation! The violence, the sex, the greed, the manipulation and even the hint of love are all ingredients in a very entertaining drama series.There however, do exist some censorship issues. The nudity of women for instance, crosses the line of indecency. A scene featuring a 10 year old boy drinking his mother's breast milk is a little more than unsettling. Putting the television show aside and thinking of the child actor at the present moment, is it really necessary to expose a child to such things at such a tender age? Breast feeding an infant is appropriate to ensure healthy development but for a 10-year old boy? It almost borders on pornography, especially since kids are growing up much faster now.Game of thrones is brutal, hard hitting and shocking. But it isn't uncommon to get so engrossed by the characters and their lives that censorship issues no longer matter. It is a thoroughly enjoyable TV series which is very well executed making every part of the show vital for its success. The creators have left very little room for improvement doing a fantastic job at every step of the way. HBO, once again lives up to expectation. 
 This TV show is an amazing vortex of love, betrayal and gore. All of the violence is realistic and the sex/adult themes are handled maturely. I have watched ever since the first episode and it hooks and you in and keeps you watching. There are many characters, so, to hold attention, there are only a few characters focused on per season, and they are developed very well. You will find yourself loving or hating these characters and the acting is just incredible.Each and every actor plays their part. This is a television masterpiece and should not be underestimated. If you are not a watcher, then you should begin watching and you will thank me personally - and find yourself siding with houses before you know it.I cannot describe the magnificence of this show in a review, so you should watch it and have an opinion of your own. I, myself, do not understand why so much hatred goes toward this show, but I strongly disagree and hope that others who watch this series agree with my opinion.In short, this TV series is magnificent and deserves every award that it has won and its rating of 9.4/10. It is worth the watch - definitely! 
 I had heard nothing but good things about Game of Thrones when my boyfriend and I picked up the first season; as such, I had high expectations. I was not disappointed<U+0097>if anything, my expectations were not high enough. Starting in the evening, we intended to watch "just a couple of episodes." Hours later, as the sun was coming up, we were still glued to the TV. We watched the entire series in just two days. This is easily one of the best acted and best written shows that I have ever watched! Imagine my further enthusiasm upon discovering that it was based on a book series. Being an avid reader,I picked up the first book in the series A Song of Fire and Ice (which shares the name of the show) at my earliest opportunity. As much as I loved the show, I absolutely expected it to be much different from the book; as an avid reader, I am also aware of how badly most movies and TV shows manage to foul up when making the transition from the written page.I could not have been more wrong. This show follows the book so closely that there are even whole sentences of dialogue that must have been copied directly from the book into the show's script. The few differences are so minute as to not really matter; most of them actually add to the show, rather than being detrimental. In addition, the casting is fantastic. Having seen the show first, I worried that the appearance of the actors might color the way I viewed in the characters in the book; this was not the case. Although I did, in fact, picture the actors in most cases, it was only because their resemblance to their fictional counterparts had been so closely adhered to in the television adaptation. With so many characters involved in the book's story, one might assume that some of them would have been left on the cutting room floor when the series went to wrap . . . but, as I mentioned, the amazing adaptation included every plot point, no matter how small of a part a character may have. This is good news, as I have seen far too many movies and shows that ignore a supporting character in early episodes only to have the character become a major player later on, leaving a plot hole in the early episodes and people wondering, "Hm, where did this guy come in?"I have not had a chance to begin the second book yet, although after finishing the first one, I immediately went out and bought the rest of the series. As excited as I am about reading the next book, it is with even greater anticipation that I wait for the return of this amazing series. I would recommend this show to anyone who is a fan of the fantasy genre. Truly,I would recommend this show to anyone!! If you are looking for something to watch that is visually and intellectually captivating,incredibly acted and well written, and fun to boot-- or just an entertaining bit of TV to get you through a rainy day-- then you have found it in Game of Thrones!! 
 I have resisted watching this show for so long, but I have succumbed to the madness... and I must say that I am entirely mesmerized! I'm someone who prefers comedy to any other genre (mainly because this life is dark enough, so I'd rather have some laughter)... The first episode I saw was S06E09 Battle of the bastards (it was an accident, I was with "the wrong crowd") and the next day I was just too intrigued, and mostly baffled, cause I had no idea who's who, etc. Anyway, I never write reviews or anything, but since that day, it took me 7 days (and nights) to watch the entire show (I basically canceled all my plans and went on HBO Go to watch it) and I just had to share my love for this show! P.S. I'm off to buy the books and read them ASAP! (: 
 I started watching Game Of Thrones when season two was coming out. I had heard from other people that season one was absolutely brilliant and I thought, I better give this show a watch.We are now up to season seven and I have loved every minute of this show. I don't think I've ever seen such production value and quality in a show before. From the acting, to the effects (both visual and sound), to the action sequences, to the very look and feel of the show.The cast are all fantastic and you will quickly start to figure out who are your favourite characters. The story is intriguing and this show will keep you watching in anticipation to see what happens next.There's not much more to say about this show other than if you haven't watched it as yet you are doing yourself a serious disservice. 
 This show is MASTERFULLY produced, with a writer like GRRM that isn't a sell out you can be certain that plenty of respect is given to the books story lines. There are no mobs of angry book fans like so many other adaptations. The development of characters, the intertwining of plot lines, the acting, locations, wardrobe, set dressing- every hair on every head and every jewel on never neck is flawless. Just an absolutely captivating series. Here are my two wishes:1) Ed Skrein to play Daario Naharis instead of the current vanilla dude 2) For me to never know of GOT until 10 years from now, so I can watch all 15 seasons in a row without waiting. Then die happily of malnutrition and skin ulcers. Yay :) 
 This show is probably the most disappointing thing watched in a long time. At first, I didn't mind the concept of the good guys not prevailing. However, as the show goes on. It becomes more of a parody of itself, and in some cases <U+0096> unrealistic. There is no sense of balance between the protagonists and the antagonists. The antagonists always seem to prevail despite the overwhelming odds against them. Its funny when people state that this is 'realistic' and I should watch a bugs bunny cartoon If I criticize its cynical nature. If you think about it, if the antagonists and the protagonists would have swap places. People will find this show cliché and predictable.Lets stop pretending that this show is morally grey. If this show was morally grey the Lannisters wouldn't act so obviously evil. While the Starks wouldn't act so righteous and just. Making the Starks uphold honor unlike their nefarious counterparts is a trick. The writers want you to get emotionally involved and like these characters. They do this so they can shock you by killing them off. The Lannisters will always win no matter what. The very fact that most of the relevant members of the family is still alive and most of the Starks members are dead should tell you something. Even when they're against a noble house that is just as powerful as they are. They managed to kill off the prince of that house in the most anticlimactic way. The prince isn't even all that honorable to be honest. You see <U+0096> in Game of Thrones even the anti-heroes don't win. Evil prevails and gets rewarded and you can't be even slightly good like prince.The arrogant fans of this show/books is also aggravating. Always saying this show is a realistic fantasy, and should read Harry Potter if I want a good vs evil showdown. Well guess what.. This IS A GOOD VS EVIL showdown, and rather then being realistic, its just nihilistic. You see, real life isn't as dark as this show. Even during the middle ages most the public lived a somewhat peaceful life. Yes people were a lot more brutal and cruel compared to modern standards, but they still had a trace of morality. The people in this show have no morals, and the ones that do are killed off. Of course there is people like Jon Snow and that Targerean queen. The problem with them is that Jon Snow is always a underling to corrupt officials. And the Targerean queen is too far away to make a difference. There is also the stark kids but they're not a threat to the iron throne. The writers obviously want the good guys to remain powerless and non-threatening so it can give you the illusion of being 'dark' and 'edgy'. Sorry, I didn't fall for your magic trick. I find this show extremely juvenile and predictable. 
 Throne Games replaces story-lines with soft porn. Only 12 year old's would find the story interesting but the content is 16+ so cannot be enjoyed by anyone, =Line repeated= Throne Games replaces story-lines with soft porn. Only 12 year old's would find the story interesting but the content is 16+ so cannot be enjoyed by anyone, =Line repeated= Throne Games replaces story-lines with soft porn. Only 12 year old's would find the story interesting but the content is 16+ so cannot be enjoyed by anyone, =Line repeated= Throne Games replaces story-lines with soft porn. Only 12 year old's would find the story interesting but the content is 16+ so cannot be enjoyed by anyone, =Line repeated= Throne Games replaces story-lines with soft porn. Only 12 year old's would find the story interesting but the content is 16+ so cannot be enjoyed by anyone, =Line repeated= Throne Games replaces story- lines with soft porn. Only 12 year old's would find the story interesting but the content is 16+ so cannot be enjoyed by anyone, 
 This show is made to appeal to freaks and to sooth their inferiority complexes.You have every freakish perversion in this show praisedEverything in this show is to please the perverts and to exalt their abnormality above the norm.Sodomite nobility? Sure. You'll be shown sodomites in every other room of the palace banging each others asses constantly Crazy feminist women? Sure. More then enough. Women chopping men's heads off constantly. Sadists? Ohh almost on every corner there is some kind of torture Masochists? Plenty of those. Seem they love it there. To be hurt. Adultery? Lots of it. Basically the whole show is about it.Incest? Yes they do show plenty of it. Not in an explicit form obviously.. otherwise they would have to go to jail. Ohh the laws.. its a bummer. Inbreeding? Yes sir. Child molestation? Well.. the show would not be complete without it.Besides all sorts of perversions.. the show completely lacks logic.You'll see characters who should have died, but reluctantly do not do so.. only due to the will of writers. And then writers just kill characters for no reason.. just "out of the blue".You'll see events that don't make any sense that come out of nowhere.. meaning straight out of the mind of the writers who seem to have lost their mind.You'll see plot holes the size of Jupiter and you'll see patches trying to cover these plot holes with other plot holes.You'll see dragons and the mother of dragons.. hot and sexyBut then you'll realize that the dragons are nothing but dumb ass pets who can't do sh*t and their mother is just a dumb ass pretentious whore.. who for some reason has power... because "girl power we don't care make her look epic"Would I recommend this show?? Hardly.. but everyone watches it anywayCoz it's a really nice production. It's a really well made idiotic show. Really nice camera work, really nice costumes and CGI.The show looks good.. but it's all idiotic and basically purely about perverts doing their perversions constantly.It's a really dumb ass show. That's why I give it 1\10... Coz it's sooooo dumb. It's not even funny how dumb it is.All the good production doesn't cancel out the idiocy. Unfortunately. I hope the white walkers from Mexico eat them all. 
 I don't get it: How could Sean Bean's character be in the first season of this supposedly new and popping'-fresh series if his character took a metric butt ton of arrows to the chest in one of those unbelievably terrible movies that came out over a decade ago? It doesn't matter, really. This series is abhorrent and vapid, to which the box office returns and unfavorable reviews of the prequels can attest. It's been going on for almost 15 years and now they make a television show and come out with more books? It's time to move on.By the way, did you know that Tolkien made up his own language for one of the races in the book? Real winner there, ladies. 
 I watched one and one-half episodes of this, and I got bored with it. All that it was was gossip, sex, and conspiring to back-stab each other. There are no heroic quests or epic battles. None. It all hinges, instead, on gossiping about who-had-sex-with-who and who-back-stabbed-who for the throne. There is no real substance to it. I did not really feel any connection to the characters. I did not feel like I was in a fantasy at all. I felt more like I was in a world of boring gossip. If this were to be any other genre, it would be much less popular. People probably only like this because it has a medieval setting. However, when you take away all of the castles, armor, wild boars, and swords, you are just stuck with a bunch of gossips. 
 Perhaps the most overrated and pointless show in television history, filled with a cast that wants to do something original but just can't tap the vein, a writing team that can never truly come up with great dialog or enough memorable moments, and so much useless nudity that anyone who truly appreciates story over pointless attempts to gain viewers will be turned off within ten minutes. The show does do right, though, with how it rests solely on HBO - hopefully it stays that way. This way, people who have regular cable will never have to sit through such a boring and overrated show. The only thing that people have right is that the camera-work on this show is actually decent, but Breaking Bad topped this thing in every episode, and sometimes an episode would go by in BrBa without a single great camera angle. GOT is overrated to the max, and that's the truth. 
 No other shows on TV celebrates female-torturing more enthusiastically than Game of Thrones. The GOT creators have elevated the spectacle of graphic female-torturing to a whole new politically correct level. Not only it is okay to watch snuff porn in the comfort of your living room, it is now totally cool to yell down (and censor) anyone who dare say GOT glorifies misogyny.I don't mind some sex and nudity on TV, but perverse sadist crap that dehumanize the one already-over-dehumanized sex belongs in the sewer of internet porn. Officially, GOT's contribution to artistic progress is making un-PC perversity the new PC-ness.Congratulations GOT for elevating stinking sewer material to high heaven.Obviously, GOT creators and fanatics reckon it's totally cool that women and little girls are repeatedly (in highly graphic details) psychologically tortured, insulted for their sex, publicly humiliated like slaves, stripped and displayed and auctioned off like meat on sticks, raped like sun-human, hunted down and slaughtered like animals, and their naked female flesh bloodily pierced with sharp weapons of all sorts. It doesn't matter who (male or female) is doing the torturing, females in this show are either tortured virgins, tortured whores, tortured and torturing bitches, or tortured dead meat. Keyword is tortured. Women must be tortured for the pleasures of GOT directors whose ambition is to play high budget porn director. And not just any porn mind you, but specifically maximum pain-inducing, maximum dehumanizing-effect kind of porn.Of course they didn't stop at torturing women. Men are tortured too. The ratio? About 9 women for every 1 man. Women simply deserve more torture apparently. Why? To reflect the world as is? Or to reflect the overflowing sewer that is GOT creator's brilliant genius mind content? 
 I have watched all the episodes of GOT as of April 18, 2014, so admittedly the new season has only just begun (the disgusting wedding of Joffrey and Margery just aired). The latest episode finally made me realize how utterly despicable this show is. Not because of the violence, not because of the sex. I have seen wonderful shows that have too much violence and sex. What is missing from GOT is any semblance of humanity. I can count on one hand the number of decent characters still living (Danerys and her General, Arya Stark, Tyrion Lannister, John Snow, and the two small Stark boys whose names escape me.) Yes, there are a few more decent folks here and there, but they get very little air time and have no influence on the story. The rest are either corrupt, despicable or just plain EVIL. It is simply bad storytelling to only show evil and corruption, without a counter-balance of decency, love or normal human feeling. No one really loves anyone in GOT, or if they did, you can be sure somebody died horribly because of it. Watching GOT feels like you swam in the sewer for an hour, and you're actually relieved when the hour is up. Unfortunately, you can't get some of the hideous images out of your mind. 
 The question is not why we would watch such shows as why they would make them. They may simply want to test the limits of the art of film/show making. Perhaps they foster serious discussions of difficult subject. In my opinion, they are simply not worth the price of the film stock they are printed on. Arty crap is still crap. Don't waste your time on this. This is the kind of sick, nausea--inducing garbage that the said crowd, especially Westerners. This was probably the worst piece of cinema I've encountered, considering its very thin and simplistic plot, shadowing the disturbing atmosphere of very sinister subjects which were specifically, incest, rape and murder. The people who made the show and watch the show are just sadly very sick humans. Pure filth!!! 0/10 
 I watched the 1st episode from season 1 and I have to say I'm disappointed. After the 1st episode I already know this show doesn't have anything to offer for me. So I won't be wasting my time.I love fantasy genre in general. I have my standards and habits. I was almost shocked when I saw how this series is riding with nudity. Breasts visible all the time, naked women being toys for the guys. This was awful. I don't mind watching brutal scenes every now and then but I just can't see any reason why there has to be so much nudity.Good fantasy story rides on with it's good script and not with nudity. This series is more Bold And The Beautiful series with soft porn scenes.TL;DR Waste of time. 
 Great series. Better late than never! A series which will be released in-depth of all individuals and one for an identification of a middle age universe.I love how the author takes you along on a long unpredictable journey into the magical universe where the battle against good and evil plays a large roleGame of Thrones beats all the movies and all series!To call it a series is almost a shame because it feels like a long incredibly good movie.I am amazed almost in love. 
 This Show has everything! Smart conversations, great story line, sex, violence, betrayal, death, magic and dragons! When I first started watching it I didn't have any idea what to expect, I was just looking for good shows to watch, but I got hooked on it from the beginning. The creator of the books is know one of my favorite writers. I just bought all 5 books and started reading them and I can say that the first season of the series is exactly the same as the first book. Can't say for the others cause I haven't read them yet. I recommend that you read the books too, for they are beautifully written and and I guarantee you'll enjoy them as much as the show. It has a lot of different stories intertwining and progressing at a slow pace but delivering an interesting and unpredictable result. For example, the death of Ned Stark, who seemed to be the protagonist of the show at the first season, left me and the other viewers surprised. So next you would think that his first son who later became the 'king of the north' would rise and avenge his father's death, but after three long years of seeing him on the show and beginning to believe that he will succeed and win the throne, he got killed along with his wife and mother at a wedding. In each movie or series the protagonist usually doesn't die, or at least dies at the end, which makes you not actually worrying when he is in danger. In game of thrones though, you never know who's safe or not, and that's what makes it so interesting to watch! ''In game of thrones you win, or you die'' 
 I'm just joining the choir in saying that this is a truly amazing show. There is very little negative to say about it. Everything clicks together: the acting is beyond fantastic, the production values massive, the visual design convincing yet just otherworldly enough to feel unlike our reality. The dialogue is truly exceptional: In this series simply watching two characters talk can be just as, if even more, exciting as any swordfight or heroic quest. All the major characters are well-rounded and excellently cast. A special mention must go to the child actors, all of whom are simply fantastic in their roles. Despite there being a ton of characters they all have a part in the story, and the individual stories rarely drag on.It's actually easier to list the few nitpicks one might have about this series than try to explain all that is good about it. First, some of the characters sometimes border on caricatures, especially King Joffrey. Second, the massive amount of nudity and sex feels at times gratuitous, sometimes hanging on the edge of good taste and can make you feel slightly dirty watching it. Third, though not much of a criticism, more of a thing to be told is that there is some grisly stuff on display in the series which can be hard to watch, especially during the second season.But beyond those three tiny nitpicks, one can find very little to criticise about this series. This is, quite simply, one masterful series, and is showing no signs of slowing down. 
 The story itself is something special - similar with Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings - it takes the audience in a different world. The story is well written and makes emotions - mostly those emotions that you want to become a part of that world, you want to experience the fights, you want to see dragons in life. So the TV show, what is based on such good story, doesn't need that much - just not ruin the story. And this show does that. The cast is good, the bad thing is that there are some actors changing for the same roles - I don't know why they are doing that, but as a huge TV show, you should evade that by any means. That is making the viewer disconnect from the story. Anyway - the cast is good, the story is unpredictable (if you haven't red the books), everything seems as real as possible - real emotions, real fights, real dirty bastards doing faul things - no sugarcoating.For those, who are rating this as a less than 7 - you should be banned from watching anything ever again, because you don't understand anything about TV/movies. If you rate this as a 1, you should be removed from this earth, because it proves that you have no logical sense and you are a probable mass murderer :) 
 To start I must say I have read all the story published so far. And I have watched every episode shown so far. In that order. Usually I keep my thoughts to myself, but seeing the last season(4) in TV, I have picked up the quill to express my gratitude to the actor or the person responsible for picking up Mr. Pedro Pascol to play the role of Prince Oberyn Martell. SUPERB!!! I am in awe and that role or acting is a definitive measurement for me. It just surpasses the character I had pictured in my mind by so far, that I am speechless. Unexplainable. And that is in addition to already the excellent acting work (greatest of all time?), performed by Peter Dinklage and Jack Gleeson (whom I suspect everybody watching, are hating). Highly recommend! 
 Amidst the wasteland of self-righteous, formulaic, procedure driven cop dramas and mindless "reality" shows, this is a true gem. With Game of Thrones, HBO has taken a huge step toward redeeming itself for the truly boneheaded decision to end the great -- and still missed -- Deadwood series without true closure.An original, imaginative and unpredictable storyline, awesomely staged and brilliantly performed by actors -- many now famous and others soon to be -- Game of Thrones is really "TV worth watching." Already into a fourth and well deserved season, every episode to date has never failed to exceed the highest standards anyone could set for TV entertainment. I only hope that it lasts another four years in order to really play out the fascinating details and intricacies of its characters.One word of warning: do not get too attached to any single character. In this fantastic world, any(!) one character could and can die at any time (hang on Maisie Williams/Arya Stark!). The game of thrones is a truly deadly one. Just sit back and enjoy. 
 Quite a slow start in my opinion, but oh my mother of dragons it became good! I could make a list of perfect things in this TV-Series so long so you had to sleep before you were done reading, but I'll keep it short! The acting was so freaking good, especially from Jack Gleeson (Joffrey Baratheon) whose head you want to crush until there's no life left of him. Then the music - so excellent! When I first heard it it was almost as if I got goosebumps. Well, it doesn't surprise me now, when I've seen how perfect everything is in this TV-Series. When I first started watching this show I wasn't satisfied, but that was mainly because I watched like 10 minutes and wasn't patient at all. My friends and my brother made me give it another try so I did, with the thoughts of negativity towards the show. But the more I watched, the more I saw what a masterpiece of a TV-Series this was. Now I've even bought the books in hope of one day read through them all... (Halfway through the first one at the moment). Can't wait to see how it all turns out in the end! 
 Most of television drama show has the something that they all share it, as the same, 99% of the series are one side character, in which its the story of one man/woman, while the rest of the cast rust being just sidetrack or supporting, in the Game of Thrones which its based on *The song of ice and fire Novel* its on a league of his own, because the show has so many lead character and there is not a single person that can be pointed as the main character over the others, the plot its just wondefuly written with many plot/twist.its a survivor story in which there are so many possibilities, many character with complex personalities and morality, this its not the typical show with Good guys vs the bad guys, its all about scheming and backstabbing. 
 Have you ever watched a show so good that you try to get your friends to watch it to? Game of Thrones is that show.Game of Thrones premiered 2011 on HBO and I was lucky enough to watch it then. Usually I don't catch these great shows until they are almost done. Game of Thrones setting is the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros and follows struggles between the nobles for the Iron Throne. Ensuing threats continue on in Essos and the North. A main inspiration for the series is from European history including England's Wars of the Roses between 1455-1485. The series delves into Western high medieval Europe. This show is based on books and had a massive budget to start, plus plenty of promotion. The show has been parodied by famous comedians and has a cult following. This will be one of those shows that people will be sad to see end. - Asif Zamir 
 Honestly, this show is the best one in the whole world & universe. I love it and it's my number one show. There are many characters and many stories so you never get bored. I love the country side, the whole idea of the story and everything. I admire George R.R. Martin who wrote these books and David Benioff, D.B. Weiss to put this show together. I can not wait till season 4. And the last thing I wanna say I am totally in love with Emilia Clarke/Daenerys Targaryen I ship her and I believe she will rule the Seven Kingdoms and she will win the Iron Throne. So guys this show is perfect. Don't believe anyone who says it's not good show because they are lying. It's based on books and it's perfect. Books are awesome, TV show is more than awesome. It's just great and I hope this show will never end! 
 This show and I assume the book(if the show is anyway accurate) paint a very depressing and twisted look into the human mind. The minute any character shows any decency, honor, loyalty or trust. They are shown to be weak and foolish then killed off. Not only are cruelty, deceit and selfishness needed to gain power and wealth, these characteristics are also needed to find justice for those who have been wronged. This means that any character that wants justice or to perform good deeds has to betray the principles they stand for to achieve these goals. I see no originality in this show only gratuitous violence and endless betrayal and backstabbing. Any 2 people who marry for love rather than power and wealth end up dead, so it is a fantasy world where happiness in unattainable as the wealthy and powerful are miserable fighting to hold what they have and acquire more and anyone not concerned with these things gets trampled on and used. It seems the the author of Game of Thrones may be quite right though since the books and show are so popular humans really do enjoy violence and treachery. Production values are good. 
 I watch the series because my boyfriend is a fan. I've tried to like it, but it's hard you know?I don't mind violence and sex, but I think this is the only thing Game of Thrones has to offer. For me it's just terrible, the characters are the worst human beings portrayed on TV. They don't know loyalty, friendship or respect. All I see is gossip and betrayal, with tons of sex and naked girls just because.Even after watching the first episode of the third season I still don't know what the plot is. There were so many screen time for silly fights between lovers I tought I was watching Gossip Girl. 
 For those new to this thing, the only reason Game of thrones the book series got so much undeserved attention is because it went in the opposite direction of the fantasy genre's rules. Instead of a classic good vs evil take it went for the everybody's in the Grey area. The problems started right there, cos for most people fantasy is the genre where you want classic good vs evil battles and you can sometimes show the honourable side of a villain, doesn't mean they get as equally good moral compasses as the heroes. Thats what the drama genre is for. The second thing thats wrong with the books is that they simply have no sense of direction, like when the first harry potter book was being written by J.K Rowling, she knew how the story was going to pan out. She knew it would be a seven book series and had a bird's eye view of the future works. Game of thrones simply is an improv sketch, where George Martin made the story up as it went along. Some of the stories just makes no sense , its like watching the life of an ordinary guy, nothing happening, story not leading to anything , any event. Even though HBO has thrown in some big budget sets, VFX and good actors, this ultimate sense of futility will definitely start getting to you from season two/three. Remember all the fun times we had hating mindless gore/sadistic movies and calling everyone that watched them sick. Well hurray, this show just managed to convert everyone to the other side. Now you can just cut the head of lead and noble characters, and call it unimaginable plot twist. Killing the hero is not a plot twist, ending of Sixth sense was a plot twist. Any idiot can create a sense of shock by suddenly killing of the most important characters in the show. I don't know if any of you have seen The Hot Tub Time Machine, but in it there's a scene where John Cusack's character asks the kid why he's wasting his time in a game(second life) just being in prison taking push ups. I mean this is the place where you get to do the impossible stuff, so why not go kill some orcs or terrorists and be a hero? Game of thrones is ruining the fantasy genre like that. This is an escapist genre, where you don't have to be reminded of the grim, boring nature of our lives, a genre where heroes are born, epic battles are conducted, where there is always light at the end of darkness, hope that makes you want to live. In short, If you like your TV shows to make no sense, no purpose, and you re happy to just watch fictional characters living out their lives, talking matters of no importance to each other, cutting heads, raping, molesting, where the hero always dies, you ll find it sufferable. 
 I would have given this a 0 start, but i was not allowed as it was not an option. the acting was so bad, i wanted to die, like man it was bad, Dumb and Dumber 2 was better than this. i do not get it at all. what is is. who are the people i see on the screen. like is it real life or not. i would like to say i think the show should banned from TV. SKY and HBO should think about showing more good shows, like CW The Flash. Now thats a show i like, its realistic and link with how i feel about the world. i don't want to see people playing games to win a thrones, what kinda game show is that. this is the worst game show i have ever seen. Grant Gustin should never see this show in case he thinks its good and plays the flash in a way he might in this show. so lets save us all a problem and not watch this mess. 
 The worst show to match one of the worst authors of all time. So unpredictably silly, it's predictably hilarious; what a concept!?!?! His prose (or lack thereof) is horrendous and the funniest thing about the show is that it comes off just as dry and bland as it does in the books. For avid fantasy readers it is insufferable to read and watch the blatant and sometimes subtle literary theft-cover-up-change-a-tad often dished out on the pages. If we were to punish for the crime of literary theft, then he'd be serving a Life Sentence! The show receives at least a star for a so-so cast of actors that try to pull off the impossible and make the story actually interesting and worthy of a bag of popcorn, but in the end the show is not something you'll be binge watching anytime soon. 
 The question is not why we would watch such shows as why they would make them. They may simply want to test the limits of the art of film/show making. Perhaps they foster serious discussions of difficult subject. In my opinion, they are simply not worth the price of the film stock they are printed on. Arty crap is still crap. Don't waste your time on this. This is the kind of sick, nausea--inducing garbage that the said crowd, especially Westerners. This was probably the worst piece of cinema I've encountered, considering its very thin and simplistic plot, shadowing the disturbing atmosphere of very sinister subjects which were specifically, incest, rape and murder. The people who made the show and watch the show are just sadly very sick humans. Pure filth!!! 0/10 
 I confess I did not read the books, and did not even give Game Of Thrones a try until just today when I watched the pilot. The name simply didn't appeal, but after catching positive buzz about it, I wondered if it could possibly be something like my beloved Spartacus series which sadly ended last season.I could not have been more wrong. The one thing they do have in common is production value. That's sadly where it ends.Where Spartacus had deliciously gripping plots weaving phenomenally-written characters together into intimate dramas, GOT throws out an endless cast of colorless, simplistic characters hoping something will stick. Worse, the plot is as old and moldy as the characters, (Kings wanting their MTV, yadda yadda yadda). And while Spartacus had more than its share of over-the-top violence and depravity, it all served a purpose and the writers still managed to expose the humanity of each character through it all. In GOT the sex, depravity and greed is gratuitous, shallow and as pointless as the rest of the show, leaving me with a sense that I just watched the unimaginative fantasy of a 9yr old boy with anger issues.The first five minutes had me thinking maybe this was going to be a good show... but it quickly derailed into boredom and by the halfway point in the pilot I was wondering if I should waste my time watching the second half. I did, but it only confirmed my opinion.Spartacus always left me feeling exhilarated because of the outstanding writing and characters. In fact the characters and plots were so well written the show could stand on its own with most of the sex and violence edited out, as could happen if it is ever syndicated for network TV. Game Of Thrones, on the other hand, feels like a flat, old, board game. No standout character. No standout plot line. Nothing to pull me in and make me want to see more. 
 I have given up on this piece of garbage, it is so boring, being nothing but an unending parade of characters, all with mops of hair all over the place, fur, leather, steel, breastplates, swords, spears, blood and ambition. Every show is nothing but turgid scene after turgid scene, strung together in no discernibly meaningful sequence, of these buffoons endlessly engaging in inane verbal sparring matches, torture and murder, or sex. Even the sex scenes stink, nothing but flat chested babes obligatorily baring their embarrassing AAA cup breasts. It doesn't even qualify as porn. The plot, if there is one, moves at a glacial pace, strewn with confusion at all turns. The editing cuts from one verbal sparring match to the next, with nary a thought to continuity of place, character or plot. It is boring, repetitive and leads nowhere. There are simply too many characters, locations, schemes, supernatural events and words to form a coherent presentation. If you took all the episodes of the whole season, cut them at every scene and then scrambled them all together you could then splice them back together at random and you'd have a new season of episodes with no detectable difference. My wife is addicted to this crud so I have to endure it as she endures my Netflix choices of history and documentaries. I read while she rots her brain with this horrible waste of electricity, running the TV and DVD player. 
 compared to the game of thrones series of books. arya stark is complete and utter wuss. where as in the TV series they review as a I innocent girl. but in the books she kills the hound kills a man in the pub kills 2 guards too escape lanister jail. Also dinklage is too good looking for the half man. in the book he has one eye and no nose from his attack not just a scar. and he is completely horrendous all that dinkalge is is small. Also the ages are off rob and Jon are supposed to be 14/15.not 25. and arya is 10. and sansa is 13. not 15 Also joffery is 12 not 17. I think it is ruined compared to the books. 
 The question is not why we would watch such shows as why they would make them. They may simply want to test the limits of the art of film/show making. Perhaps they foster serious discussions of difficult subject. In my opinion, they are simply not worth the price of the film stock they are printed on. Arty crap is still crap. Don't waste your time on this. This is the kind of sick, nausea--inducing garbage that the said crowd, especially Westerners. This was probably the worst piece of cinema I've encountered, considering its very thin and simplistic plot, shadowing the disturbing atmosphere of very sinister subjects which were specifically, incest, rape and murder. The people who made the show and watch the show are just sadly very sick humans. This show is immoral, perverted and completely filthy. I watched the pilot and I felt so dirty and disgusted; all I saw was meaningless sex, degrading women, incest, perversion and extreme violence. Where have our morals gone to allow shows and movies like this to be so popular??? I don't like fantasy stuff and this show is just the worst I have EVER seen, I can't understand why so many people like it. It's just horrible and annoying, I hate it! First time I saw it I almost puked, the characters were so annoying and even the main characters died, what is this show even about - Death and war? I mean the actors are so emotionless and boring, you can see that they hate to work for this TV show. I mean seriously it's the first time I saw this show and I already hate it, how is this even possible without sucking so much? Who is the audience that likes this show, who? Nerds and WoW-Players, I mean seriously why do people watch this when there are so many better shows Pure filth!!! 0/10 
 Game of Thrones is easily one of the best shows on TV at the moment along with Breaking Bad, and is perhaps one of the finest ever. The detail is incredible and every episode is superb. Peter Dinklage is entertaining as are the rest of the cast, but with such great detail into the whole world of Westeros it's easy to understand why every character is so enigmatic and wonderful- whether their evil like the tyrannical King Joffrey or kind-hearted like Emelia Clarke's Daenerys Targaryen. Season 1 is probably it's best so far, but with episodes like 'Blackwater' and 'The Rains of Castamere' each season is assured to be a thrilling watch, worthy of your attention. Any show that can fearlessly kill off some of its best characters and maintain the same level of class like Game of Thrones does deserves attention and this series, despite taking a while to reach a pivotal point, is continually intense and never, ever boring. 
 GAME OF THRONES is based on the novels A SONG OF ICE AND FIRE, a fantasy series by American author George R. R. Martin. The series contains five books so far, two more will follow. The plot takes place in the mythical continent of Westeros, which is comparable with the European medieval. There are several powerful families or houses which are permanently fighting for the "Iron Throne" of Westeros. GAME OF THRONES combines epic adventures like in THE LORD OF THE RINGS with political intrigues and interpersonal issues like in THE SOPRANOS.The actors are well chosen, most of them fulfill the image I personally had in mind when they were described in the books (unless they changed the outer appearance of some characters on purpose - for example one character has blue hair and a blue full beard in the novels, in the show the kept his outer appearance more usual). There is a huge amount of characters introduced, for non-readers the overview can be difficult to keep; That's why you always should pay attention, especially when new characters are being presented. The huge amount of characters does not lead to a chaos without any system, it all makes sense if you keep an overview.Season 1 keeps as close to the novel as possible, when you read the book not long ago, you will even recall specific dialogues. In seasons 2 & 3, the HBO directors digress from the novels very slightly, but don't worry - the changes they made aren't really important, it's often just budget-forced; sometimes characters are left out or two characters occur as one.When you hear about the show, many people say it's just about sex and killing one main character after another. Don't listen to this! Well, there is a lot of sex, but that's not what it's about. GAME OF THRONES shows how the European medieval could really have been - dirty, treacherous, dishonorable and inequitable. The point of killing main characters is true; George R. R. Martin is ruthless and does not care how beloved his characters are - when they need to die, they die. That doesn't mean, any death of a character is random, even if it seems this way at first. When the story goes on you will realize that every death has its purpose for the plot.A major point that makes GAME OF THRONES one of the best books/shows in the past decades is the actualization of good and evil. There are only a few characters who are clearly considered as "the good ones" and even less, barely a handful of "evil ones". Every character has his own goals and achievements he wants to reach, just as ways to realize them. It's up to you if you support one specific character or not. There are many plot lines with different characters, some of them you will learn to love and some of them you will learn to hate.If you enjoy the fantasy genres in general and are looking for a show full of tension, exciting plot twists and with an absorbing, really huge plot, then GAME OF THRONES is a must see! 
 After watching The Sopranos and Breaking Bad I saw the 9.4 rating of game of thrones and read the overwhelming reviews by critics.I am not interested in fantasy genre,especially over-hyped harry potter,lord of the rings and star wars.At first I thought game of thrones was something for kids and geeks and nerds,something with sword fighting or cult dialog. But boy,after watching the pilot I was so amazed I got hooked immediately. Stannis Baratheon and Tywin Lannister and my favorite.I still remember the speech by Tyrion in S02E09,'Those are brave men knocking on our door,let's go kill them!',his facial expressions were so real,the director is a real genius! Having said that,I have and will not watch any other fantasy series or movie if it isn't as good as game of thrones. 
 I watched Season one when it aired and this prompted me to read the series. Season one was very true to the books but season two was not! I understand that since the books are so large the writers cannot fit all the material in the show. This is fine. However, what is not okay is completely changing certain story lines and characters. Season two did this too much! I did not enjoy it as much as season one. Just to name a few - the nights watch story line, Dany's story line, Stannis, theon. I know I'm not the only one who thinks this- I've read several articles online and even non book readers have said season two dragged and was kind of boring. Anyways the reason I gave the show a 10/10 is because they have redeemed themselves with season three! This is one of the best books in the series, so action packed! And the writers have done a great job showing this on television! However, I do highly encourage everyone I know who enjoys the show to dive into the books! They are beyond phenomenal and you will not be disappointed- I promise! 
 By writing this review I know am not adding anything further than what all the other top reviews have said. However I felt the need to spite the terrible narrow-mindedness of the low reviews of this show.Game of Thrones is another exceptional piece of television produced by HBO. The depth and breadth of the series plot and it's characters is incredible. I've not seen anything as impressive on television since Battlestar Galactica.If you are having doubts due to the shows minority of naysayers, don't! This is quality entertainment and television as it should be. The writing is gripping, the production values astounding, and the performances by the cast a joy to behold. If I had only one criticism of this programme is that is TOO GOOD and it is very cruel to make us wait so long for it's further instalments. 
 Best series I've ever watched. Couldn't be drawn away from watching it. Spent 2.5 days catching up with the series and now eagerly await every episode to come. The characters are well cast and all very good actors. I haven't read the books but I'm going to. I really like a few characters but the thing with George Martin (the author of the books) is that he kills off some of the characters you tend to love which makes you become emotionally attached to the series even more to see how those characters closest the dead one cope! Its like a web full of little links and thats what makes it unique. The storyline is fantastic. I love the fantasy and magical qualities it has. The filming, producing and editing is also fantastic. Its just AMAZING. I'm completely hooked and obsessed! Once you watch there's no turning back, you'll be hooked from start to end of every episode. At the end of each episode you're left with a cliffhanger which then in turn makes you watch the next, and so on. A truly fantastic series and I look forward to every episode! 
 Finally someone has done it. At last there is a book to screen adaptation that is satisfying for those who have read the book. I actually find some of the characters more engaging than I did when I read the novels. Robb is a good example of this.Do you like fantasy with: sword-fighting, dragons, magic, politics, good acting, & good writing? If you said yes then watch this as soon as possible. Of course I should mention that this series is not for children. If you have read the books you know what I am talking about.The production design is great it is great to see places like The Wall realized on screen. Quarth is quite nice as well.I am quite pleased with the direwolves as well. I was a little worried about how they were going to turn out but they look amazing in the second season. 
 Game of Thrones is an epic medieval show, that is, from the looks of it, had a big budget that is utilized nicely and well executed. And takes a lot of time, but that's reasonable. Also, it is based on a series of books. Although, I admit that I haven't read the books yet, but if this is really based on the book, I can imagine that the book is also terrific. About the budget that I mentioned above? Let's talk about that.Plot: Well, the plot is based on the book, and it's a story about political control and power, hence the name of the show. Now this is where the show shines; there are lots of unexpected turn of events and twists that will jump at you. Even the main character could die, or the least unexpected one could die all of a sudden. Because of that, you will never know who are the protagonists on this show. Unlike the other shows, the protagonists survives, fights the antagonists, wins and saves the day. This show isn't like that.Props/Materials: You can see that they really had spent the budget on the props and decors that well. They're really decent. Their props had a simple, if not, nice design. Like the tents in Tywin Lannister's camp, decorations in the King's Landing castle, their weapons. Not to mention the needed extras. That would take a lot of work and budget. Soundtrack: Orchestrated medieval soundtracks. While they're not much significant in the middle of the show for me, I really love the music on the opening intro. Actors: Great acting, and you never see someone who puts their head or looks in the places that they weren't meant to, and has a pale acting. I didn't see anyone that look liked they were struggling with acting. Characters: I haven't read the book yet as I said above, so I'm not sure that the personalities of the characters are different apart from the book. But chances are that they are in their same qualities and background when compared to the book. This show has lots of characters that you'd love to hate, you'd love plainly. But great, nonetheless. Effects: The opening title is astounding, that it looks like it's also an intro from a Blizzard/old school Age of Empires Strategies game. While effects aren't much that present in this show, they're lifelike and well looking. Two examples are Daenerys' dragons and the blizzard behind the icy Wall.Overall: The tension in seasons increases as the plot passes. This is an example of a show that has a big budget and it was used well. And also, the reason while they only film 10 episodes per season and why they take much time. It's quality is very high that it looks like you're not watching a TV show but a movie instead. For those who are going to start in season 1, it might seem boring, weak and chaotic at first, you might have no clue what is going on in the first place. By the time you start season 2, it's different. I really like this show because it somewhat depicts the system and the society in the medieval times. 
 I am not a fan of this genres or dramatic TV shows in general but after the recommendations of few friends and the IMDb user review rating for this show, I thought to myself, well, I should sit down and watch at least 1 episode and boy was I glad I did.I went through 3 seasons in a couple of weeks and I am left speechless, blown away, hocked - more like addicted, crazily in love, and can't wait for season 4 to start.While it is true that few actors, maybe one or two, are a little wooden in their acting range that did not put a dint in the overall experience watching this series. By far and by any account and measurement this TV show is absolutely the best thing to ever make it on TV. I just finished the third series last night so I am still shocked by you know what..... 
 The first thing you need when making a television series on this scale is a very good story. George Martin wrote and continues to write a magnificent story that in many ways is on a scale similar to Lord of the Rings. It is more than just a fantasy adventure, it is an entire world, full of different cultures, languages and history and everything that comes from it, good and bad. What makes the television show so good is that it follows the story closely, deviating only when it must to suit the audience needs and visual requirements. No matter how good a television show is, the viewers imagination is less engaged than a readers and therefore must be served sometimes a little more blatantly.The story is in a way simple, even with a few separate areas of intrigue slowly converging, but the characters, their history, their reasons, they are complex and as such you can't just tune in and expect to be rolled along from battle to battle with the hero saving the day and winning the girl. In my opinion to truly enjoy this you need to have read at least the first book if not all of them so far. The books build the world in a way that it is difficult for a television series or film to do. The detail combined with time and your imagination are what makes it so impressive. The negative comments I've seen here all appear to stem from that very issue. No plot they say, yet there are many and they are so realistic it's fascinating. Too much sex and gore, yet this is a medieval setting, a very real and not so distant past should tell us that life in those times and places was often grim and usually short. I even saw one who scored it 1 out of 10 and opened with "I don't like fantasy stuff" which reminded me neatly not to have the omelette for lunch as I don't like eggs.Read the books - watch the show. But pay attention. Life is interesting because of the little things, the details, the nuances. That as much as the visual effects and scenes is what makes this a television masterpiece. 
 Everyone is so dull and I can't tell who is who. At least have some easier names for people to understand them. I call everyone person 1 and bearded man. At least have people understand what is happening. This show is just so stubborn. After 3 episodes, I was done and decided to spend my time better watching anything else that this garbage. The writer of this show should just stop trying to make people like these characters and stop trying to make these people cool. Game of thrones is just messed up, George Martin is OK and should spend his time better and could do better. You kill 1 of the most popular actors in the show and make people hate the prince geek. I think this show is just a waste of time to all the viewers and of they like it, OK for them. They can sit through garbage writing and acting and I salute you all. 
 So everyone is complaining about the series being to slow paced. I don't deny that, but the books are as well so there's not too much that can be done there. One thing that annoys me though is that this series get most of their good reviews because people like to watch the sex scenes, they barely even care about the plot. There's plenty of places where you can watch naked girls, I could name some for you if you want...Another thing is that the plot has become to boring. During season 1 it was good and seemed to build up to something even better but then what happened? I know that the writers are just following the books but you can't let the audience get all excited for something big to come and then just drop it in the way that they did. The last thing is that I think they are plagiarizing The Lord of the Ring way too much, sure George Martin has said that it has been one of his inspirations writing the books but really it's quite embarrassing to watch. To the people that has watch GoT but not watched LotR I recommend you do it and later on see what you think of the series.This series has almost become unwatchable for me nowadays and I'm not enjoying it when I watch it, I feel like the only reason why I watch it is to be done with it. 
 Art thrives on limitations, or it can also thrive on big budgets. But I have never seen art push so far to these two extremes that it becomes an overdone and overbearing nightmare that never gets to the point. It's a chess game that never ends. I thought Law and Order was dull.I truly believe that this book series would work better as Films, because cuts would be needed, and believe me, I would cut out a lot of scenes in the HBO series. Hell, I'd cut characters out altogether, Rob and Arya Stark, and the other Stark kid who has noodles for legs, and others. You can retire these characters with no warning right now and I would not have caught on. Until they do something important, I won't care. Sorry, Mother of Dragons.This show takes itself too seriously that there gray characters and gray persona's matches there gray on gray suits and landscapes, even when you see red and gold, its lies. It's hard to care about The Kings Slayer when the biggest things he has done in the series is bang his sister, pushed a kid out a high window and had his stranger hand chopped off. Even though there are a few scenes with him after that which seems to have a potential to launch into something interesting, if not good. Whether they use this to its advantage or not, remains to be seen, most likely not.The only character that stands out in anyway is The Dwarf character. He is not a good character, but he is the only hint of a character we have.There are too many characters in this story, even for TV show standards.THERE ARE 32 MAINE CHARACTERS ALONE!!! (One or two of them being killed off, even so...)No wonder the show has weak focus. There is simply not enough screen time for any of the them, which makes you forget about most of them as soon as they leave. And I love how they just keep adding new characters, because that is exactly what the ultimate solution is, right? Reminds me of No Country for Old Men.This show needs to learn to leave well enough alone, when to not drag and when to move on, learn to be comfortable with edit, and being serious and gray does not make this show epic or deep, let alone smart, it is just underwhelming. The Walking Dead isn't this serious.I'll still watch GOT like a sports fan who still sticks with their bad team, but I'm hoping as the show goes on, it will undo all the issues I have had and finally make a story that is worth a damn. Put you pieces where they need to be and stop stalling.I just saw season three episode nine, and congrats, my friend, you have actually made me care about people in a scene, but in the most basic and cheap way possible. Its never comfortable for ANYONE to watch ANYONE get an abortion in that fashion, but if screwing someone or getting killed is your only wow moment these characters ever get, then stop writing and find a different hobby. 
 They say you should never judge a book by its cover. Likewise, you should never judge a film or TV series by its IMDb rating. There's not much that I can add to the criticisms that have been leveled at this pretentious, humorless and vacuous twaddle, especially as I only just managed to get to the end of the first episode. But from what I've read, nothing much changes, and I've certainly got far better, if lower rated, shows and films to spend my time watching. I'm sure that if I was about 13 years old again I'd love it, but it's a total mystery to me why it has so many 'adult' fans. I guess a lot of people just lead boring everyday lives and need to escape into this kind of childish fantasy. 
 The only thing I see good here is how costumes and makeup were done, and that too leaves something to be desired.I approached the show thinking I'm going to be its biggest fan most likely. I'm like that, and it looked promising. I have not read the books, and after watching this I don't think they will be worth it.I have seen all the seasons and barely managed to remember who is who, and how is he related to everybody else. Characters are poorly done, you can't be sure if an action would be in someone's character or not. Cause they are all so bland. Characters you might grow to somewhat like get killed, and I didn't mourn them either. You barely feel the loss of anyone.The show feels like they are literally using the book script as a series script, which makes it drag unbelievably. Not all the details from the book should be included in movies, because not everything and everybody is of equal importance to the story.I didn't want to judge the show before seeing all seasons...but watching them was really draining and boring...and it really bugs me how you are set up to start liking Dany, everything is going in that direction...it feels like writer made too many characters to develop them, then started killing them off, saying it was on purpose to make his world seem cruel.There is too much emphasis on sex for no reason. When it serves to make the plot going or to add depth to characters like Cercei, I can understand why it has been shown. But I can't grasp two girls pretending to have sex, while Littlefinger talks about his first love in the same room, addressing them. That is twisted...This thing is just really badly done, but books might be interesting...cause in books, details matter...and in shows, they hinder the overall feeling... 
 Absolutely Hated Seasons 2 & 3. The show seemed like it was going somewhere with Season 1 which had a well written plot and characters but that ALL goes down the drain after the Season 1 Finale! Sean Bean was seriously miscast. In fact, most of the actors are miscast and do a TERRIBLE job! I mean, have you seen the "Red Wedding"? That's when I dropped the show as it just got too ridiculous and derivative. The battles are too cliché and just Lord of the Rings rip-offs! Even if they are rip-offs, they can still be handled well but after Season 2...complete Garbage! Yeah, Game Of Thrones SUCKS! :( 
 This show started with promise, as I'm a huge Sean Bean and medieval fan...but with an absolutely nauseating amount of gratuitous and unnecessary sex and gore, my opinion turned sour very quickly. I don't consider myself high brow, but the sex and violence in this show for the most part is geared towards a simple-minded audience...which I'm not a grunting ape so I necessitate more than that. Oh and lest I forget, I could overlook a bunch of the raunchy scenes if not for the unbelievably irritating character of Joffrey. That little puke completely ruins this show as I get so annoyed every time he's on screen that I grit my teeth and can't even watch. By the 7th episode, I was done and sent back my unopened second season to Amazon.Furthermore, Ned, his illegitimate son, and sword fighting daughter are the only likable characters. However, they get mucked over at every single turn with no repercussions...which I choose to voyeur into escapism in order to get away from injustice, not watch more of it.I'm amazed at the high praise this trash gets, but I suppose it's a social commentary on what the current populous thinks is entertainment.Sorry I wasted my time. 
 OK If you are reading this i am guessing you are one of those super fans who can't get enough of Game Of Thrones & like wallowing in your appreciation of this despicable sorry excuse for TV Fantasy drama. As you can tell i am not one of you. Game of Thrones has so many good reviews & such glowing praise as to make me wonder if the whole world has fallen asleep or alternatively hooked up to some matrix-like hive mind channelling this drivel through a tube placed carefully up your backside, can so many people be so wrong? well the answer is Yes obviously. To Critique this show in a sour way is tantamount to treason i am sure but i am British & trust me it is OK to voice your opinion in a negative way despite the whole world wanting to spit venomous bile in your eyes. I have like most of you, watched every episode of it & although you will rant that i have a choice not to watch it or to plainly just go away, i, like a lot of people these days like watching TV shows & be they bad or good it is always good to watch the things that everyone is talking about (and talking about, and talking about) so i carry on in the vain hope that one day i'll switch this show on & something will actually happen but instead i get B grade British actors talking about 'The Wall' or saying things like 'Something awful is coming' or 'Let's shag!' & on & on, talking, more talking & waiting & waiting, always waiting for something to happen, has anyone noticed that nothing has happened in this show for the last 2 seasons? oh but there was a big battle! yes there was except we missed most of it as we were watching the women hiding below talking some more. Oh but there was 'The Wedding' yes there was, 5 minutes of action tabbed on the end of one of those lengthy talky episodes (you know the ones) 'wow so radical, killing off some of the main characters in such a ghastly manner, no one has done that before' Give me strength!! Game of thrones is like a really bad carrot, like the ones you always throw away to get a better one in the grocers, and the viewers are like ageing donkeys continually following it around until you are so accustomed to doing it that you just carry on regardless, yes i am one of them, i've been suckered as well!, i admit it but by always tossing out the promise of dragons i persevered anyway & now i am at a point that i am writing a review about it, not because i like the bloody thing more because i am sick of these endless reviews praising it's 'Boldness', it's 'Genius', it's 'Lord of the Rings-ish-ness.' My god people, what version of Lord of the Rings have you seen? the one i watched was majestic, action packed, sad, uplifting, funny & the real definition of Genius. Not this pile of puss spewing troll bile that passes itself off as fantasy, if anything its more like playboy channel soft core porn than epic fantasy, obviously one of the main reasons its so popular. Of course you will tell your girlfriend/boyfriend your watching it for the breathtaking dramatics or epic storytelling (because of course it has both of those..cough..choke!!) So you will go on watching it telling your friends how amazing it is, how shocked you were by it etc etc but deep down you all know the truth, that this is just a low level generic hybrid of The Red Shoe Diaries, Dr Quinn Medicine Woman & the recent crap Conan movie. In years to come this will be joked about, like in one of those TV Shows that reminisce about the 80's or 90's with a headline like 'How 10 million people COULD be wrong' & you'll sit there & laugh to yourself in a sad 'i wasted my youth' type way, you will finally realise after years of trailing after the carrot that nothing is going to happen in this show, you'll be left with one last talky exposition scene (whilst a battle rages on somewhere else, presumably somewhere they can't take the cameras) everybody will sit round the throne & toast with fine wine & grapes, there will be singing & dancing & orgies (of course) and maybe if we are lucky, one of the dragons might take a dump? Seriously if people don't start waking up soon i worry about the world, i mean Reeves & Fishburne are way too famous now to give a toss so save yourselves. There are much better shows out there to obsess over, much better fantasy books to read, much much better fantasy films to watch & certainly way better porn! but of course if watching evil characters twirl their moustaches & cackling behind peoples backs whilst masturbating over incestuous kin doing the Humpty Dumpty is your kind of thing, there is at least one scene like this every couple of episodes so knock yourself out. oh and of course you will get the promise of dragons just at the moment your thinking about switching off & watching re-runs of Breaking Bad instead... awful TV, watch Lord of the Rings again, that might wake you up my Matrix loving friends. Game of Thrones, enjoy your stay of execution but one day your head is going to be lopped off just like the only good actor in your show... By the way if you are thinking i am a Troll, i'm not, Trolls are fictional beasts that usually turn up in decent fantasy shows along with Goblins & Dragons, all of which do not feature prominently in Game of Thrones! 
 Let me begin by saying, I hated this series. My two daughters love it, but I don't want them to watch it any longer. The only thing I remember from first season were tits. You can't create a series with only boobs in it. The story was very thin and it was confusing. There were too many characters in the movie. I didn't see any epic battles whatsoever. I expected Nightwalkers and Dragons all over the place. Instead, I, and I stress, see boobs. Only boobs. It was depressing, because my wife was jealous. She was so jealous that she went to have plastic surgery. It was a total nightmare in my opinion. The blond girl, she was like 14. They dwarf was annoyingly short for my taste. And they all acted like they were from the medieval times. I simply can say, I hated this series. But people seem to love it. And I don't blame for being short minded. 
 I can't stand this show, nor the people bringing it up every single time they open their mouth. I see people everywhere talking about it every chance they get and it's always the same crap... blah blah Hodor... blah blah "little dwarf guy"... blah blah Stark family... The first season is disgusting and just awful. The second season is at least better but still pretty f*cking dull. I Haven't even cared enough to make time to watch the third season and I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the news about a fourth season. i mean, Jesus F*CKING Christ, Why do people watch this crap?GG 
